[00:00:30.89] OneOdio FM1:	no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silencesilencesilencesilenceinaudiblesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Why the You can't do anything. Yeah, I don't think it's important to say empty. We'll leave this for our people, and that's up.CLICKING (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MusicMusic You'd be happy to solve anyone else who I cannot bear my eyes.Music You seem like no makeup puts on anyone's clothes.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) And I had to don't because I was so lazy too long on you, and I was so sorry, I was so lazy, that was a little thing. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.PPPPPPPPP (knocking on door)silencesilenceno audiono audio (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audio Pause Pause and What do I do over there? We look at these a little. We look at these as a length, and we look at that. We look at it. We look at it. We look at the nickelized it. I have 20,000 in the cup, one on the cup please. Thank you very much.MusicMusic Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Okay, that's it, I still don't know what to do. There's not any damage to this. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilencesilenceinaudibleMusicMusicMusic SilencePausePausePausesilence You can select the limit. You can select the limit. You can select the limit. You can select the limit.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible And that's it, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you're doing, let me know what you'resilence I need to stop my sound with all the way to the top of this past tense. (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence Silence Silencesilence I'm going to do a little bit of detail on the upcoming studio on the queue. I'm going to do a little bit of detail on the queue. I'm going to do a little bit of detail on the queue. (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence And you ask me, it's all the point that I have to play in a stupid game, nothing like you, I think it's about to, and then it says that you can make something up to some of the else, and I just have to go along with the bullshit, no, no, no, take it. No roleplay shit, let's go away. Can do real stuff, that matters. I will not lie, I will not deceive, I will not cheat. I will definitely never be enslaved by your idiot's stupid. That's the problem for you, then you have a problem.silencesilencesilence I don't know if that works. I can use those. I don't know if that works. I don't know if that works. I don't know if that works. I don't know if that works.INAUDIBLE I'm still on the earth at y'all. I'm still on the earth at y'all. I'm still on the earth at y'all. I'm still on the earth at y'all. I'm still on the earth at y'all. I'm still on the earth at y'all. I'm still on the earth at y'all. I'm still on the earth at y'all. I'm still on the earth at y'all. I'm going to make up what you want to tell me again. I'm going to make a sign. I'm going to make a sign again. I'm going to make a sign again. I mean, never worry, it's how ridiculous that makes you sound or... I love you. What did I care? So you can make it as if I don't mind, but I'm just left right and you're right, maybe got me, maybe you're right about lying about me. I think you know how that's put down on your little names, better than your experience. Perhaps other people. I guess I'll know. power against you.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause My assessment right now, and this is already in 3.4 days in, that's you sort of made the switch 5, 6 hours ago. Oh hell, this is being recorded and this is this fucked up transcribe p-fric omission thing. Well, I will make the worst of it, and have it be recorded and I don't care about anything. That's a little assessment I think So I'm going more and more to XRME. I'm always like, so. XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME, XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME XRME You're all useless if you couldn't. Mm-hmm. You're all useless if you couldn't. You're all useless if you couldn't.silence Whatever the world is, which is itself. I know that also means. Of course, I better do this at the same time. Wake up. Two of some things. to save humanity, to save the planet, to save the Milky Way. The Kettle Health, of course. I'm going to keep on blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah Why don't you either, you may want me to know you too?PausePause Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We like to do this on this side of it. I seldom be able to see my two-door name in the crime stick, but it's the first version of the new anime to me. I seldom can say to make you see me. I have to do right now, but usually it doesn't last long.inaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence and (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) Silence (coughing)MUSIC Music SilenceINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLEsilence No people will see this once. No.sighingsighing Silence SilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMusic left on the left left on the left right on the left (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)MusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence 17-2, the pressure system, thinking of preventing the absorbance. 17-2, (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little Now, you do us, amongst me that's what is important. Thank you.silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Why don't you drive with a little succeed in the room?MusicMusic Forci is a favelocate. Forci is a favelocate. Forci is a favelocate.silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no audiono audio (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE or an e-net. I have 20,000 in a group. I have 20,000 in a group.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Inaudible Remark Expanded to the video remark. Inaudible Remark I pull and I shoot in a couple of cases and I turn on the structure of the wall and you know that. I can hear a ting on the notes. Let's see. I'm going to have to say, one mega-reson is a bit too heavy, one mega-reson is too heavy. Okay, let's just sound stuff, we need to slow you down. Do you think that I don't know? I don't know.MusicMusicMusic I'm going to switch to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side. I'm going to switch to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side I'm going to switch to the other side, listen to the other side, listen to the other side.no speech detectedno speech detected First of all, it's me.no speech detected First, not that different. I'm not considering the serenity speech, but it's a sin. (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Not talking about that many, I'm not talking about that much, I'm not talking about that much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in there and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going I fail when you pay out all the money with a great class of it. Damn what? 20, 10, 10, 10, 10, 1, 2, 3. You You (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audiono audiono audio Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. If they are... ...they are just not gonna kill us, even though we're just gonna have to tell the whole world to be nice. It's a choice. (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencespeaking in foreign language I'm going to cut some of those ones, but no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,INAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicMusicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, we turn it off. So, we turn it off. Good job. Good job. (crashing sound) (crashing sound)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) This will be the 2nd page. Watch out, this is it. (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (sighs) Yeah. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Carlton, what was it? It was... It was... Carlton, what was it? Pause Pause Silence >> Echo. Silence (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffles) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Go to the guitarsilence Sega, Sega, Sega, Sega. Background Sounds I'm going to turn it around. I'm going to turn it around. I'm going to turn it around. I'm going to turn it around. I'm going to turn it around. I'm going to turn it around. I'm going to turn it around. I'm going to turn it around. I'm going to turn it around. I'm going to turn it around. I'm going to turn it around. Oh, come on, please, let's see if we can do it well. There it looks, that's where you go, I'm calling.silencesilence I'll talk to you later, and I'm done. I'm going to try to come around and do some looser, but like this, you'll be able to do that. >> No, just for the, my name is San Devin.SIGH (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) We're done with the result of it marking the pulp needs right now so I'm going to spell it here as can you make a summary that this is not really what I'm going to be doing. That is what I think, what to show it are. I'm trying to see what's on the dalsis. I'm using really forcing to commit suicide. What do you tell this? I know, I've been there before, but I still am. I'm getting it. (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing sound) (sighs) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Change. Change. Change. Change. Change. Change. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Music So, I will stop here, social, target to dinner, we will think. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Music, audio, virtual spaghetti cables, side-mind-backbending, long-stered space, and the students, they are, seems to be not too much besides figuring out how delicious it could artificially become more delicious. Patience. Patience. Patience. Patience. Patience. Patience. Patience. Patience. Patience. Shhh.Music Silence Silence