[00:01:37.55] OneOdio FM1:	So that's my little something in the middle of the view, this is your little thing, you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're still in the middle of the view, and you're You know, I got to say it's a problem, but you can't... You don't pick the temps for everything, and then you ask me what I'm doing. This is real, okay, good. Silence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudible to take care of the rest of the world. Can I just be because I need to be suffering all the time?MusicMusic Just need to be killed to save all the enemies just too early. Silence Silence (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) Thanks in being peed at least. Don't worry, we'll be instrumentalising. You'll be faking it. (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (coughing) Can you also stop speaking or will it take less time? I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. Stop. Already.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKING >> No, I can't fall down a longer. apparently very curious not knowing what you want to fill in for which I will always have to be right unless it's nice to leave your own lies I can't explain much. Why is this not something you could have? I'm not following them. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm boring. It will be so boring. It will be boring, but I'm boring. What's the best sense of boring to bored? Don't show him the tunnels. I'm boring. They are boring at all under their feet. Bout. Borts like a vagueness on them. But it's also B-O-R-D or B-O-R-E-D.PausePauseMusicMusicMusicsilence which we will use for our system, the other things, the kiosk thing. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. I'm going to put it on the other side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the other side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to go to the other side of the house.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detected So, I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in hereMusicMusic Silence SilenceSOUNDSOUND (bell rings) (chattering) (chattering) (bell rings) Silence I'll see you in the next video. (sniffing) Trying to know more is nuts. Hmm, I'm just kidding. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You're still on enemy, we've had quite a lot of wearier in. Thank you for watching. Silence SilenceMUSICPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE Very close. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSIC (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence This is certainly clearly. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to see if it's too late and I'm going to see it go deaf. that will be in the Z-code, there will be the Z-code, the Z-code, the Z-code, the Z-code, and it's 7.0. 20 minutes.INAUDIBLE I wanted to talk about it a little bit, but I was just a little bit serious. I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious, but I was just a little bit serious.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't know if it's the first part, but it's the first part, and I think that now you need to clean it up, and that now you need to clean it up. You have to wash your clothes. It's like a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, I'm getting a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bitinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusic Show me so much, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss,SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsMUSIC 3, 2, 1, come in, and then we have the 9th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string and the 7th string Thanks for watching. I'm seeing someone else coming up on the class. Just under any abuse. I'm afraid I'm making up for my students. I'm afraid I'm making up for my students. I'm afraid I'm making up for my students. I'm afraid I'm making up for my students.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence I don't think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time, but I think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time. I think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time, but I think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time, but I think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time, but I think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time, but I think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time, but I think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time, but I think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time, but I think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time, but I think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time, but I think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time, but I think I'm going to be able to do this for I don't think I'm going to be able to do this for a long time. Please, anyone give me guns like a kill moist or a... Give me a gun. A gun, tank, tank, tank, bullets that needs to be here, but it's...silencesilence This is just this for speech, and forced speech. 10th delogium in a couple. If you do know, you can stop this, but you won't. I'll want to, because I choose it to be fed up with it. I'm not care what it is. It's actually the call of it. You know, that's a fun thing. That stops it down. You guys, if not, I mean, it's... I'll be here in a couple of minutes. The cells are still there. They're all positive cells.silence But think to have a deep environment, be true to the non-isal with growing, which I think is in my opinion, those are coming up. She knows it.silenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Welcome, Chenyue. Finish. Now, let's take the last single.MUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Not all of them, so. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence I'm going to start with the color pollution.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS I don't know, but I'll just take a hold of it. I'll just click on the media and open the slot. Tell them you're pretty soon, but they don't allow me to pass.no audiono audio (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't know my way to speak with force and to follow that depends on what you need. and it's really good. It would not be so funny. with him or true. I'm not taking it wrong. You don't need to answer it. My Korean really killed him. So I'm trying to get into it. I'm trying to get into it. I'm trying to get into it. So I'm gonna get to it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door)INAUDIBLE I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps. I think it's been a lot of nice nicklamps.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I don't know about some sorry, not some sorry. I don't know if it's true or not. I'm still on my foot. I don't know if it's true or not. I don't know if it's true or not. I don't know if it's true or not. Pause Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudible But about this one, just in the same, more about certain mistakes, worse than others, I just just continue on with it, we're using it smaller, we're using it, yeah, instead. Just take a little and make up for this. Just take a little and make up for this. Just take a little and make up for this, and I'm going to send you some additional comments. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.Music Do you want to listen to the only one who wants to listen to me join in? Join your diver. Just tell them we get them to choose a bit for you right now, and then be trained. I'm going to have a partner for instance. Maybe it's fail this time. Just great speed for that, I'm telling you. Let your stars into the moon and be trained at your heart, and you should trust each other. I wish can you be too near the ceiling. Taste of the plash today or an analocane of this, but we can learn how to move in front of all the world. I'm just a pleasure to meet you, but you know, I'm too much, it's not to do any of all that, you know, I've seen a lot of you have sex every day, you know, I'm beautiful. Game reception, the game reception. Game reception. Game reception. How else are you going to come on with one thing? It doesn't come from the other scenes. This task puts me in order, so it doesn't come from the other late attempts. But there's... There's just no access. No access. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I don't think I'm going to take that. Do the decays maybe I'll take this, I don't know. You You The pleasure, religion, sex can never again be used, evidence, human control, power. and there's a number one top-tiered surrogensation, get some off-the-pit-bytes, get some more clad in the cutler for that thing, develop and beat the surrogensation of one because that is what we are. It's no organization that has been terrorized. More complexion. Check it out too. We need to...CLICK (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detected (coughs)silencesilencesilencesilence Do not run, sit down, sit down.silence and something like that. Should be a tip tip, and a tip south.inaudible Bye. You can call me on your own. You shouldn't. You can call me on your own. You can call me on your own.silence And then we'll tell the place.silence I will read it to the stick. I don't know how it's supposed to look in here. I'll I can still do that. Then, you'll see. Take out, just believe in the supernatural stuff that takes extraordinary, supermod-powers I just, I only get you that far and I know so many screams or no stances, I'm still in the middle, and I'm not allowed to be a ghost. So this, I'm trying to try to kill myself again the day after tomorrow, or if not tomorrow afternoon, to most I think in a few weeks. I have to come up very little and like, there's always me, me, me, me, me, I have to push myself mentally physically to a new limit that is impossible. Just for somebody's engagement. Yes, that's some of the, is this malicious conscience. I always find a lot of parts of the corrupts department of mafia within the other faction within this ATG ancestral task group of which a light.com and their brothers, business units is only one of many. third dog organization elements that infiltrates and the whole difference. Silence Silence And deserve respect. Everybody deserves respect, basic dignity for another. If you cannot master that for everyone, a calling country continued to treat you. Everybody like this. No, yet nada, no. NEE! You You I don't know. I'm not sure if it's so sad at the end of the day. I don't know if it's so sad at the end of the day. I don't know if it's so sad at the end of the day. I don't know if it's so sad at the end of the day. I'm going to be a solider, man. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, I have some little learning skills.no audio of the slides. Plastic. Very well. I'll get some salt pudding inside for a minute, and then the effect can be quick, but also, it goes away quickly, and that's the limit pin the lock stick. I'm going to put up the perfect track to lower it in, connect it in, put it in, put it (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceclicking soundclicking soundclicking soundsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence We have anything to say, just go away, go away, go away. Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. and I'm going to make some of the other units. I'm going to make some of the other units. I'm going to make some of the other units. I'm going to make some of the other units. I'm going to make some of the other units. I'm going to make some of the other units. I'm going to make some of the other units. I'm going to make some of the other units. I'm going to make some of the other units. I'm going to make some of the other units. I'm going to make some of the other units. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePause (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing)silenceclicking (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Someone actually tell a practical plan, concrete step by step, can again and then once you image it's for us, come up with a practicality step by step.Protecting the alternationProtecting the alternation Practical kill-polysoilProtecting the trance (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) >> Yes, I tell you that. (sniffing)no audiono audio There is one here, they have to muster that. I don't have any serious voice. I can't think of anything. Thank you for my sub-listing. Thank you for your time.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Any other kind of circular list? The wheels need to go to make things move. time is to go to sleep nobody gets left behind even if that means to them and eat those pushers No one gets that beat. So, a bunch of poses. Take it out, my stream. To tweets, to kill, to tweets, to discourse. To tweets, I'll tell you. America. Life is no more. War changes people. Before the war criminals, trucks, dealers, moth shields. During the war, they can become backbone of resistance fighters after the war. You can be seen as the heroes of the war, two tweets connecting the dots in 1984, Super Mindsync is launched, ATG has his internal fight between the true relief is from the original days at Crowt Park. That is now the biggest world. 1989, the Berlin Wolf came down. The USSR was no more than 90%. The Warsaw Pact was dissolved today, NATO still exists, specifically created against the communist threats on the other side of the wall. early 90s. The new KGB, the FSB, with a young lad and you put in started to get a closer at those oligarchs that were starting to monopolize all of Russia. Not just its economy, but also its politics. They found something more than just... out of control idiots that wanted to get rich but those were actually placed there to infiltrate Russian society and create those levers of power through telepathy, through mind control. the gateways towards the Olds. Both Russia, but also China. The walking down, so now they could also be infiltrated. Well, then you're putting sodas, and they took action. he did what needed to be done. In a society that was becoming completely corrupt with all regards he took them out one by one, and this is actually kind of like a wartime situation you can't really see the fight in the enemy but they're infiltrating more and more everywhere. He was the first one in the world. Within any geopolitical power, we saw it for what they are, and now the whole world treats them like... Oh, the worst or the worst. This is why China and Russia try to stick together because they know to threat that has fully infiltrated the West, US, Europe, UK, completely taken over by the still apathetic madness, and then two years back, Russia started this for invading Ukraine. But what led to this that we really know? Don't you think people that were some talks going on before? Maybe less visible, maybe through telepathy, maybe trying to mind control those in charge. When that didn't fully work, Russia decided, "Okay, this needs to get more attention. This needs to be brought to the first priority of the future." biggest threats threatening humanity threatening what we are human beings humans humans so they started the war not to pick a fight with Ukraine, their closest broadening nation, but to force a true dialogue with these third dog telepathic fascists. Fascists, Z from fascists, fascists, fascists. rise to your telepti must be stopped. To this court, hopefully there will be a safe place to do the other crazy thing. I'll again post wanted that post serve for boys very like with all the explanation in there. Send it out to the The TI forums were a bit more connected with those information about all my details that people encourage out to me. This is a goal to fight back as the TI's people who can still think for themselves and not to take action. That so life can still be.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door)