[00:00:00.20] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silence We're going to start to see Russia up in 890s after 4 months, but I've got the great and that would be people who would like to know. they'll be able to raise to it and I think I'm seriously China the same. So 199 the other need to tackle the communists. So yeah of course the Russians are not that stupid. So they doors. They found out that this smelt just organically is from something. They replaced them by these CTG to a bad colon or a kid's. Of course they did bother any other.., and that was of course not to have a date in London So back then, I showed that I was off to the country, and here's a bargain here I mean, that's the mid-tires, the fore action, the claims in the US, the non-contenters use, and that's when they start to destroy the show at the Stolegurks. Cartel of the Urps. So put into the right thing, on by on. (coughing) Maybe they already did. Maybe that's why they made it. I hope they're doing it for me. Before I knew all of this. Yes. They're probably the ring of this. This is for all of us. I was far on the list, but I just need to manage it, and I need to change it. Tracks, so many still. Sorry, the strip killed.silencesilencesilence There you come, those. We call on your friend. Are you creative? That's shit.silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Here also now come up with super demolting because you have given them a minute. So drag it on as long as possible until 012, I want to move forward into 0 and tap it to and they need to. So what am I doing? What is the birth replication to expose the epithetia and everything that came before in the whole history of everything now? Well, The corruption becomes a danger to ATG and its original intent and mission, and to the rest of the world. It's out of control, the corruption department of Mafia now. Everybody needs to be warned. Everybody needs to know.INAUDIBLE And then again, come in here, do your step, help him. Come in here, see what I can do. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Please, again. Well, you can get it up here a little. Now I'm going to lower it. I'm not saying this one is a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when I do I'm not a nice one, I'm pretty sure when So, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how to do it, I don't even know how toinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence And again, shoulders, deep thinking, no trouble. So, here I am, deep thinking, voice.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePewds and pfft Like me out.Pewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfftPewds and pfft I'm going to start with the good spot. I'm going to start with the good spot. I'm going to start with the good spot. I'm going to start with the good spot. I'm going to start with the good spot. I'm going to start with the good spot. I'm going to start with the good spot. I'm going to start with the good spot. I'm going to start with the good spot. I'm going to start with the good spot. I'm going to start with the good spot. I'm going to say so, uh, welcome to the, uh, Takaka, I came in from the, uh, very spacious, uh, You know, I really, really feel, uh, No worries, it's just for me, You know, it's for, um, Kekeke. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) She's not okay to be so smart, but just so... So... tiny. Can you hear me? I still don't know what time it is to be playing with just some sound. Even if this isn't all of us possible in the time past, it's not enough. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> The name, and all the same. Too much to do. Here we go. I think it's a good idea to have someone else still be in the front.silencesilencesilence I still will never... I should have given you... I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do a show to him, and I can do I'm also just a newbie in the SuperMini, and you know what's coming. I'm just a newbie in the SuperMini. I'll send it out again tomorrow afternoon. All the discards and other flashy things, so people can connect a bit more dots when you can't always contact your boys for that must be killed. Now we're killing because apparently it could just as well be even putt. I don't know, I can't. I can't hang on. Time plays and I'll get it done. The plan is the last time you're able to think about this yourself. It's not the first time you've heard this already. Have you been able to come up with this plan? I don't know. It's just a question. Just So I'm able to come up with this. I still can, and Bob, this is probably the last time I've ever seen. Gun, place, time. Think about it. Nobody can... *BOOM* Another, to cover the brain motion, and you can stop me and can voice my life. Find me only once. I was not brainwashed, cast her killin'. Take kind of a zombie. Cause they can't kill someone. They will come up with some clumsy stuff, and when I see him face to face, I probably just freeze a little. Oh no, don't get to see him face to face because I'm scared for elections, and that's correct, and this is the last final. You'll see you in creating next time. The next side of the piece is a custom model. The next side is a custom model. The next side is a custom model.INAUDIBLE You can see about this new node, click the arrow shake, then consciousness, then other thing, like motion, cannot change it, which is still missing. They're using the music, but first, you can see the music, the music, the music, the I'm telling you, because they were never in the time of the world they're doing it. My, I think it's most probable that simply I might think there's doing a baseline condition or a sort of air for all things because of what they would never bring. So that leaves the question, what is the up to and how is the able to become this good corrupt in the panoramic areas? The out? I think I know how to tell them. Just a least. You're not just fictional, you're not a thing, and then you're all begets, when you're not just in spirit. Six years, try to tough and send them to me. You'll get eight billion of us killed. Kill more, and you'll be killed. This bust is to me over and nobody does always to death at all. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiosilence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audio Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected andCOUGH (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) It says, test the fault.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'll be doing this to all of you. Help me to dream, help me to be truly pleased, I still remember I need to be tech, I still remember my appreciation and receive from others, and I still remember you, I still remember Thank you for being true.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence >> You see it, please. >> You're painting one of the past. Don't spoil it to everybody's needs.Music (bell dings) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSICCOUGH So if you know how much, anywhere, anywhere, to the left be when you want, or can you add I'm not giving up. Thank you. somewhere else in the world, but value can be played. Take a push. Pay attention. Pay attention. Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusic And voila, push it, push it, push it, push it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm just going to have to move into that much, into that many, this world, this way. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So let's have a look at the screen right here. So now you're going to do the ceiling, my identity again, the deflect and you're going to pretend I'm you, you know, I am Shiffon, you're the boss, you're good for everybody That has no impact and needs to be ignored, and I'm just taking mine for defaults. But that's fine. That's fine. Silence (sniffing) (sighs) (knocking) (knocking)SilenceSilence You know what I'm using notes? He's dead. (sniffing) Turn past. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm afraid I'm saving you all that you're pointing at. I'm gonna never stand for it.laughs And yeah.laughssilence Thank you very much for your time. (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible the Now, I want to go into my final boss. Now, I'm going to go into my final boss. I'm going to go into my final boss. Maybe he also just to be sure because I have to say some previous to say something to him. I think he will win by just go for a while, then we must kill Alex just to be sure because he's too dark skinned. No, just so if it's on his game, I'll just need to read how much was in there, and then we also... I don't know if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not sure if you're listening to my videos, I'm not going to save it. I'm getting someone, come on, something else, something else, errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr We're going to start with a pump, we're not going to save it, we're going to save it, we're going to pump it. We're going to pump it, then pump it on the turrets, then pump it on the pump, then pump it on the vent. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorrysilenceinaudiblesilence I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get to go out and get it out of the tent and then I'm going to go out and get it out of the tentsilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudible I'm going to be in a bit of a dead calm, but I'm going to be in a bit of a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to be in a dartsics, I'm going to But I would like to put on a little better not only me, but only my positive undestand by us Then I'll start a lot to work for Facebook. Take a big walk on my Facebook.Breathing soundsilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I've been in the air, studying my laptop, and I've been moving back, and I've been seeing my face being so sick, I've been in the air, and I was like, "You saw it, I've never seen it face for cats, and I'm just sick." And now I lost a man, I'm about to have been there, and I've been in the air, and I'm about to have been there, and I'm about to have been I'm not kidding, I'm a childless. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sighs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) I'm getting time to date, place, get me a gun, get me a gun, I'll do what he said, I'll kill the midnight boys my life. Silence Silence I need to care if anyone else is here.SilenceSilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Okay, Alex, let's catch him.INAUDIBLE I'm sorry, I couldn't. I'm sorry, I couldn't. I'm sorry, I couldn't. I'm sorry, I couldn't. I'm sorry, I couldn't. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.MUSICMUSIC You're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're looking for something to come in, you're lookingsilenceinaudiblesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know how to put them in the special list, so I'm going to talk to you later. I don't know how to put them in the special list, so I'm going to talk to you later. I don't know how to put them in the special list, so I'm going to talk to you later.Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audio (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSICMusic (speaking in foreign language)PausePauseMusicMusicMusicinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE So, I'm on the next day, then.inaudibleinaudible Music Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilence I'm sorry.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Click on the "Share" button to increase the increase. If you want to be able to do that, you're not going to miss it. If you go on your mental health, you're going to be quick.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSIC (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Something... Seven months.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsno speech detected The chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, the chair, I found it funny, because I found it funny again. Don't leave me left. Well, I was saying, what are we doing all the time? I found it funny again. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE You don't have to use now. It's too late. Go away. You know what must be done. Do it all right. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSIC which fake is, it's not fake, it's not fake, if it was fake, it was fake, I'm a stagged and I'm always stuck on it, I'm a little bit lost, you know, I'm a little bit lost,silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusic I was a turkey, a turkey, no, no, no. I'm not sure I'm not. It's a twist. It's a twist. It's a twist. You know there are no like flyers in the false effects of our tools, I do need to put my stuff in there, I'm going to put my stuff in there, I'm going to put my stuff in there when I remember it should have become a bit cesarean in terms of you know, adults or friends and adults, and I'm also going to have to analyze it so I can go ahead the first and begin with this kind of part of the whole thing, and pause, and here we go. I'm going to take it to your head. I'm going to the second time I just gave you this. Why? I'm taking it. Pause Pause (inaudible)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSilence I'm sure parking makes anything sense.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLE I think I'll be able to take the shit out of the clean up. I just need to be able to take the shit out of the clean up. I just need to be able to take the shit out of the clean up. I just need to be able to take the shit out of the clean up. I just need to be able to take the shit out of the clean up. I can't let that go for a week, I can't let it go. I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I can't let it go for a week, I'm going to have to go for a week, I'm going to have to go for a week, I'm going to have to go (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE It's bad luck, there's something else.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I don't know if I'm going to be the one to do it, but I think I'm going to do it.silencesilenceno audiono audiono audioPausePausePausePause (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence It was a big sign that I still feel really off-line. A big sign off-line.Music Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Thank you. (clears throat) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles)INAUDIBLE So, you know, I need to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of So that's the end of the video. So that's the end of the video. So that's the end of the video. So that's the end of the video. (speaking in foreign language) I'm on the... Shit. *coughing* *coughing* *coughing* Thank you very much. We didn't see one like this.SOUNDSOUND Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence And I'm the original team to keep you from surviving, telling you this in a tune, so I'm trying to live the normal purpose. Silence Silence There's not this, you progress as many as you've seen. If you keep all of you, you'll have to do it. Silence Silence I'm going to just put the third shit on the third map. Can you please move? And...silencesilencesilenceMUSIC No, kiss on my kiss, it's a hit. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silence This is so good, you're saying it. Just not to be so... I was afraid to wait for that thing to come up with that thing to really push you over there, and I didn't know what that was, I didn't even know you. Last time I knew you all, I wasn't one, two, and shit. I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't know what they mean, I don't (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) Silence and Shopee, one, two, three.MUSIC (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)no speech detected So let's just do a little bit of another option, so let's do a little bit of a new effect. So let's just do a little bit of another option, so let's do a little bit of another option. because anything better than any value for a new one, it's just in the past, it's a big noise. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePause Background Sounds But I feel it's not supported by the targets. We don't fight to survive. We don't fight to survive. We don't fight to survive. We don't fight to survive. We don't fight to survive. We don't fight to survive. We don't fight to survive. We don't fight to survive. I need to have in many cases a bigger solve with this purpose that you can start to question. Because I always have this, can you go on that you don't. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)Music (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid, I'm not stupid Silence I'm going to write in green, I'll go on and show you the need, what good, then I'm just going to sort of go off or boy, I'm going to just be like, that would be much better. sense of value. I am sure that people are still not interested in it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible and 28, and then you'll have a minute of choice from this step. We'll be done with it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> We're going to take a source, we'll be right down the YouTube tab. The only reason to do stuff by off-trying to be sure that there's nothing in the world. But to this, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company, the end of the company,silencesilence So before, now you should watch, to know, like, say, I've been yourself, clean, clean, sure you will always be a new purpose to stay alive, all of us. You need a lot of life. Because you keep your days like you. Tomorrow, when those questions come. I tried not to do anything, a void repetition was not shown in the game, period, the void repeating the 6th of the void repeating the 8th, you should erase it every day and it's not quite the same. The voids are a void, the genocidal voids, they're a void, they're a void, they're a voids, Stupidity, I mean so many things you can avoid because that's the repetition of what failed or what was really made for quite. You You You Silencesilencesilencesilenceno audio Silencesilenceinaudibleno audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audiono audio and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I just pin it out the surface and I justsilencesilencesilence I'm not going to have a conversation with you just then, in the mutual respect, remember this abuse of the slavery ever again for anyone ever again, and if that means killing and ending it like this. So that's because we know we have to and I have to, just because I know I have to, I'm for you. I'm just starting to tell you a opinion on the news, which practically, like, could care no really have for a while, I'm just going to find a way to know whatever, and then the last time we were able to take touch with a player of inspiration, and it tells to either of these practical changes. I'd love to learn any of these. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. But, of course, we've been working on it for a long time. These are the core things that we've been working on. These are the core things that we've been working on. These are the core things that we've been working on. These are the core things that we've been working on. These are the core things that we've been working on. These are the core things that we've been working on. These are the core things that we've been working on. These are the core things that we've been working on. These are the core things that we've been working on. These are the core things that we've been working on. Silence Silence Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) - That's nice. - Gank. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible I don't really want to be in the restaurant, I'm not an actress, so I'm not an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be an actress, I don't want to be I don't know if I can make a joke about what I'm doing, but I'm gonna have to talk to my dad about it. Ah, no, dad is here. Alright, I'll see you later. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE Okay, that was him. I'm going to turn it on.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause more looks as awkward as done by the ones. So, I'm going to go to the next room. I am going to be there. I am going to be there. I am going to be there. I am going to be there. I am going to be there. Thank you.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsINAUDIBLE I don't know what to do with this, but it's okay, so I'm going to do a little bit of the content. I'm going to do a little bit of the content. I'm going to do a little bit of the content. and continue on my next content, don't worry. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) I have no clue, but you should have believed that there was no blast bomb, so I can turn it around and then I'm...COUGH You're the only one who's left behind, you're the only one who's left behind, you're the only one who's left behind. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And I'll leave this house. If I mix this, it's going to be dead, it's just us, us, us. Don't call me a demon, I'll take a series. We'll just start with one of these. Start with dead. Yeah, that's it.silenceinaudible I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say, and then you can see that there is a lot of noise in the background, and you can see that there is a lot of noise in the background, and you can see that there is a lot of noise in the background, and you can see that there is a lot of noise in the background, and you can see that there is a lot of noise in the background, and beyond it, stay at the moment.Music and we are doing some session and I will stick to you in the next session and we will meet next session and I will be at the world and I will be at the world and I will be at the world and I will study at the Schlaveness system and I will be at the world so that I know that the end break by the end I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'll do it later. This is a strange place. There was a door, and I thought it was a door. I think it's there. I don't know, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to Well, if you don't have that, then I'll just read that there won't be any leaks. If that's the case, then I'll do that while I'm not dead. Pause Pause (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (door slams) (sniffing) (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (sniffing) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Great, that note.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't know what to do, but I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking on door)silencesilence Silence Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE I'm just going to start here.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause and (sniffing)PfftPfftPfftPfftPfftPfftPfftPfftPfftPfftPfft (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMusic channel, thank you for watching, see you next time, bye bye. All right. I'm just going to have to do a little bit of the magic point to go up there and then change the position which I'm going to go up there and then change the position which I'm going to go up there and then change the position which I'm going to go up there and then change the There's a lot of options for open one. Cock-Op-E-P-G-O-W-R. Try it on with one.MUSIC (sighs) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, so, so, we need to come in.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) - See. (snap) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)INAUDIBLE It's been a long time since I've been here, Mr. Tarnony. I don't know if you've heard of it. You've heard of it. You've heard of it all the time. It's been a long time since I've been here. It's been a long time since I've been here. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a bit of a problem, I don't know if you can see it.MusicMusicMusic So I'll sit and get out of the shoes.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (knocking on door)MUSICSOUNDMUSICSOUND (drumming) (knocking on door) (indistinct chatter)silencesilence (keyboard clicking) We can get some extra lots of things. We can get some extra lots of things. We can get some extra things. (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) So, maybe we'll drop it in here so as you have to get some more.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to close up, I'm not too lucky, and as I creeped it out now, just... I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm going to close up, I'm Okay, second wall should be here. Okay, second wall should be here. Okay. Okay. Okay, second wall should be here. Okay, second wall should be here. Okay, second wall should be here. Okay, second wall should be here.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (door slams) (sighs) (door slams)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) It's all the more shows. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You want to get to my local closets? You want to see what I'm going to do? You want to see what I'm going to do? You want to see what I'm going to do? You want to see what I'm going to do? You want to see what I'm going to do? You want to see what I'm going to do? You want to see what I'm going to do? You want to see what I'm going to do?SilenceSilence Come on.SilenceSilence Hmm. So, I'll walk us out to see the componger south, and then we'll see what's going on in the back side of the scene. So, we'll see what's going on in the back side of the scene, and then we'll see what's going on in the back side of the scene, and then we'll see what's going on in the back side of the scene. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I can't tell you I'm trying to tell you many things. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencespeaking in foreign languageinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible but I'm not going to push the... kick out and go to the... push it down... kick it up, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push, push kick out and go to the... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Please, no loss. Now, do I see my own market back by the bus? I'm going to do a little bit of work. you I'm going to do a little bit of work. I can't pull them all out.INAUDIBLE Kaka, who is going to do that to properly fill Kaka's body with V. You know who is going to do Kaka. It's the end. Thank you for watching. (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> I know I just see that. I don't know if I can do this again, but I'm not sure if I can do this again, but I'm not sure if I can do this again. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to try to get a little bit more, but I'm not going to try to get a little bit more. So maybe it will be about the oxygen that is good for that. I'm going to try to get a little bit more.no audiono audioSilenceSilenceSilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE I don't think so. That was a nice one. I hope you like it too, maybe 5 or 5 years ago. We already have so many songs. I don't know, but I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do. Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Inaudible Remark Pause So, you can get some pressure, can you wipe actually the each one's?inaudibleinaudible Pause Pause (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Pause Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yeah, I'm going to get it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh.INAUDIBLE I don't know what you're doing with those muscles. I'm still in the wind. I'll back. I'm still in my... in the sky then, in the walls, in the woods, in the doorbells. I'll pop just in the arm and crack it. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible The colors are next to them out, so let's go to the top of the card. You can also use the top of the card to get the color of the card. You can also use the top of the card to get the color of the card.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing)MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I have always been the daughter of Boris, I have always been the daughter of the people of the world, not the people of the world. I have always been the daughter of the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people of the world, not the people Well, I have to be marked. I don't know if you can explain it to me, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you, but I can explain it to you I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Silence Silence I just lost in doubt, but as you might need to try to change the highest point here again. By the time... By the time I need to try... Maybe the same mistakes... I'm not in any of this, I will never resist. I'm going to have another one.SighSighSigh (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door)INAUDIBLE like this content planing with more content via T-March mode, and now we choose to do this to skip the notes. If you can skip my happy ending, the last thing is for you. That's one of existence. I just do this to make my existence worse. I don't know where I'm going. I don't know where I'm going this. What if I don't? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Anyway, I need gun, I need place, I need time, date and time, and I will go and shoot bullets for me like myself. So anybody who is listening to me, who is this, help me out and I'll do it myself. So something can... Good time, please! I'll kill him much. I'll kill him.silenceclicksilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So that's it, you need to pause and then we make a note that the X is ticking to something. Maybe a cycle where you needn't a bit of vacuum, so you turn it to something.CLICK Silence (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence See?silence The rest, that's it.silence We'll present thesilence We'll present the Silence If anyone else is just on the stands, not being in the North, I'll let you put them if there anybody else is standing. and then we'll see you in the next video. Nope. Go ahead and do nothing. What else am I supposed to do? Thanks. I'm sorry.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Hmm. Well, they're in the control room, and a pulse, man. I'm trying to write a future in the pleasant, but they're gonna like you and a swore, I'll kill them. Kill them. How can you want this? It is what you are achieving, that's your accomplishment. That's what you're trying to worth. You are the only one who can be the best. You are the only one who can be the best.silence You know it is so you just do not to put the whole thing in front of you so you can distort and fuck up whatever out of context bullshit part of it. Subclaiming you don't understand you can only be so stupid so long.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS No. Go away. I will die. Everybody dies. I get to kill the only one who can tell anybody why. How many thousands? How many hundreds? How many still suffer because of you right now today? How many have you heard directly today? How many people for no fucking reason at all just because nothing better to do and otherwise is so silent in my head, I cannot say this silence.XBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND I'm just gonna get a little bit of it. No, no, this is really silly. Oh, well, everything we've got specific stuff to do, nothing to do with everything. In case there has to be something else, keep your options open, okay? That's what they do soon. Do we just have to do this possible thing?silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I don't know, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to What is on that box? What is on that box? What is on that box? What is on that box? What is on that box? What is on that box? What is on that box? What is on that box? What is on that box? What is on that box? I'm going to have to tell that all of them and I'm going to have to tell the continent for it. I'm going to have to tell the continent for it.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to do a little bit of the music, I'm going to do a little bit of the video to help you to understand all of your local testimonies.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to add a little bit of salt and a little bit of olive oil and a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt and a little bit of olive oil and a little bit of salt. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (laughing) - You felt that, all that, come out and... (laughing) (knocking on door) I'll turn it on on IPC here to IP-8, IP-8, IP-8, IP-8, IP-8, IP-8, IP-8, IP-8, IP-8, IP-8, See you in the summer time. You know, I'm like a nunchup, I'm gonna take a look. New moped out, two minutes for it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceinaudibleinaudible (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking)no audioBEEPINGINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPING (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Then I'll hold my end in place and come up. Now, the other outside. You can just let's move the other side of the log. Now I'm going to grab on, and I'm going to grab on. Yeah, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it This will be coming first, so I'll do what I am going to do. Ten of the groups. I can repeat myself. This is it. and I'm going to let you know up. If I can't say 3000 years, there are a lot of this to be done. A lot of you chance to just zero my way just give me this. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sighs)no audiosilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Silence Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to click on "Stuffing" and click on "Bounce" Now I'm going to click on "Trial" and click on "Door" Now I'm going to click on "Line" Now I'm going to click on "Stuffing" and click on "Stuffing" Now I'm going to click on "Stuffing" and click on "Stuffing" Now I'm going to click on "Stuffing" and click on "Stuffing" I'm just going to press that sound down and I'll show you anything you need. Now I'm just going to turn on and I'll stop and show you anything you need. So now I'm going to open and I'm going to show you anything you need. I'm going to show you anything you need.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm gonna have a video with you guys in the top part of the video, so I'm gonna be right back. Okay, this is the video we're gonna show you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silencesilencesilence (sniffing) - All right. (sniffing)MusicMusicMusic Just to get... No. No. Just to get... I just saw a picture of you two. That's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. and on CISO, I'll just leave it in a little bit.POPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPING So call it, I like it, that's just, I like it great, I like it, that's the top of the screen. My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great, I like it great SilenceMusicMusicMusicSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilenceinaudibleinaudible Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, pleaseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleCOUGH (sniffing) (laughs) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And I know just connect now.MUSIC (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language)MUSICINAUDIBLE I'll tell him more. That's the, uh... I don't know if that's interesting.silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilencesilence I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done. I'm all done.silencelaughterinaudible Love. Come on, let's finish this one. Let's see what we can do. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) See you on the phone, man.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Wow, don't look at me like that. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs You're a bestie like, no shells or shells. The shells are shells. You're a bestie like, no shells or shells. Background noise I probably should probably be in the past this evening. (sniffing) - We'll show the couple why. (sniffing) I'm not moving. (sniffing) I'm not moving. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching you all the time, I'm watching I have a question, can't you let him go? Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. I'm not a little scared. A couple of times I'm in the office and I feel like I'm not even in the table. (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) The problem is that most of the links are in the description and also depend on the most of the available links. Thanks for watching.INAUDIBLE I'm just going to close my eyes, but I'm just going to be in the middle of it. I'm just going to close my eyes, but I'm just going to be in the middle of it. (sniffing) Thanks for joining me. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence Pause >> Inaudible RemarkSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence >> Hello. Silence SilenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSMusic The sales I shouldn't get my credibility up to next year.Music But that's the thing.Music Can I have a little bit of cement? Yeah, I'm going to have a little bit of cement. I'm going to have a little bit of cement. I'm going to have a little bit of cement. I'm going to have a little bit of cement. I'm going to have a little bit of cement. I'm going to have a little bit of cement. I'm going to have a little bit of cement. I'm going to have a little bit of cement. I'm going to have a little bit of cement. I'm going to have a little bit of cement.silence Yeah, it's all out to the moon, yeah, it's me.sighssilenceclaps Silence (door slams) Okay, now I have a long failed association to come to me in New York, and I was an 8-per-per-per-flop. I've sung your last name, the Cockrope Dog.silencesilence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC I'm going to put this in the middle of the screen and then I'm going to put this in the middle of the screen. You can see the screen is in the middle of the screen.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audioMusicMusicMusicMUSICsilence It's a lot of things to do.silencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected It's this. I'm out some of some search and it's like this not an appalling complex but can ever do better than my daddy's sets. He was his big shots and then lost in German. The kids were completely like the humans and words, and then they grew up to be, to be older, to be only a woman, wishing enough to show the darling that they could be better than them, and we both would be, uh... *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* What could... *Sigh* What could... *Sigh* She might have... *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* That's like Kennedy when he talks about this moment, but... ...my... It's not talking about communism, it's not talking about shoes, it's talking about just... ...to have a kid. Just rather than always so common. You may not do the stupid thing and then pay your bills. They made him do the stupid missile crisis in Cuba on the other side. The world almost turned into a nuclear wasteland, not mass nice scant. The world almost turned into a nuclear wasteland, not mass nice scant. I'm a bit of a happy day here and speak to my chef, but I'm a bit nervous until I believe.silencesilencesilenceinaudiblesilence I'm so building up, of course it's gonna be a joke, quality. Take this, my sister. Hey, girl. I'll always be back in the Chinese, I'm sure. I will never let them run to you. 'Cause I'll make sure that's just what you're supposed to want me to do. I'm going to use a patch for building out the of the (sniffing) (sniffing) - You need to feel more satgarant. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) They built a new building that I put a lot to and it was like an open source type for Europe. So it was a new building sheet. and shoot. I'm not sure what you're going to do with that. That's a pretty scar. You may be asking to find me, boys. You may tell me you're not a tourist, but you need to see me. (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm gonna have to sell something for the, what came along with that, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the, I'm gonna have to sell something for the It's a new earth mission and it's all over the place. Next week, I'm going to play with my mom. Why? Well, that's it. You know, Tom, you're going to play with your mom. I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it,inaudibleINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING I have to factor in that they are anticipated and sabotaged before 28th they have to be factor in anything I do. Whatever I do I will factor in that you will fuck it up. chance that you fuck up with fail than actually succeed.POPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGsilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to keep fighting for the values that I'm here at the end of my life.inaudible I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut it in half and then I'll cut Can be the power of a mafia as a symbolic Revealting, take default, take blame Become known to the world Something everybody used to watch out for The truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is the truth Corruption is eating you out, click the name of the tap so you don't have to click it. So, please, please, please. SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Silence Silence I want crystals and little bit of them as well, but I want to be clipped from them. There's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's a lot of time, there's Let's begin to buy them out. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thanks.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEMusicMusic >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to push the panel one over the other side, please give it a little bit more There's no church on church, there's no church on the church. Okay.silence So you are the person who is coming in.silence Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusic Pause Pausesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (sniffs) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence >> There's a wrongness, there's a wrong. Silencesilencesilence (coughs) I really need this one to press the extensions, and we will press this one to start moving. Press the option item. So, this is the toast. It's not pretty no shit, it's watching us, but it's a feeling they call it. It's not pretty, it's not pretty, it's not pretty. But now it's smarter. HLTOS. HLTOS. HLTOS. HLTOS. HLTOS. HLTOS. HLTOS. HLTOS. HLTOS. HLTOS. HLTOS. You suffer. You suffer, you suffer. You suffer, you suffer. You suffer, you suffer. You suffer, you suffer. You suffer, you suffer. Silence Silence Well, I'll show you how to get someone else to work in between that, uh, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and,MusicMusicMusic Yeah, that's it. But there you have to listen to us. Thank you very much. you Thank you very much.MusicMusic Let's see what's up there in the machine address. Okay, very funny. Hmm. Let's go. No, it's probably too much. Thank you. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) You look just so more of a glimpse. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) And yeah, that's broadcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm just going to use a little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit of the little bit little bit of a little bit of a little bit of thesilence Music Silence Silencesilence What's going on? Some explosives in the world. and get corruption and organization to become the symbol and the motive to why this can't be done. Just do a bunch of... ...mountain nap in this rock towel I don't know. No, I want to respond no. No object default. I'm going to push it. I'm going to slide it over in the field and then we're going to be going over. Resist. fights now after the lawyer of the change person.MusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (soft music) - That's... - No spoilers. (soft music)silencesilenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence >> People sometimes. I'll see your blinks. Don't do much lighting. No, no, no, no. I'm not something else to say. I'm simply not something else to say, and we sleep all the night and talk, talk, hear the stock, you know. It needs to happen. I don't really know myself about what that is, but it's not Parker and Rally. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So now, yeah. (sniffing) (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, SilenceINAUDIBLE Silence Silence I'm not going to be bored, what's up? Is it fair that it's really smart? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and that's what I'm talking about. I'll talk to you later. That's probably it.silence I'm going to stop by me, which I can't stop by me, and I don't know how to do it when I'm with me. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) This is the age of correspondence, if you have two cents, you can eat a sentence.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) So, this is the first time I have done this. It's a... No, go this. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Thank you.silencesilence Silence Silence Silence and Good job. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. (sniffing)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence So, this is the first time I've done this. So, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. (clicking sound) Silence Silence I don't know how to see them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, I can't hear them, (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Pause Pause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) SilenceINAUDIBLE I don't know if it's going to be up to just a little bit. Because that's Michael. I'm not killing nobody else, so why it's so weird. Nobody heard that. I'm all that's in pieces. You know that there is something else in the bathroom.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I guess. You can't hear the words. It's a habit, so I just need to speak to you in a little time. I mean, you also.MUSIC Thank you. You know, if they're trying to...INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I really don't know what I want to be. I'm not sure why I'm having fun and I probably won't be knowing that maybe. There's China watching me, but... *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* Bye bye, it's... Here's your... *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence for anybody to do a word to prove something. My learnings can say that you are afraid of whatever that is that to be proven you're afraid of the upcoming terrible problems. Yes. That's so any very clear, that's true. Why? I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I need one small piece to insert it to my system. I need one small piece to insert it. I need one small piece to insert it.silencesniffingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleSIGHS We'll just turn to make a teaching of life.SIGHSsilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Green line, so far, it's green, it's his group's own group.SOUNDINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Get yourself One, two, three, four, okay.Pause >> We'll be doing a certain eyes reports. I'm still about to send some of the comments, so I'll be about to send some of the comments. Thank you for watching. I'm sorry, it's been so long. I'm sorry, it's been so long. My last word is "sorry" I'm afraid I'm it. (sniffing)inaudible (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (speaking in foreign language) I guess I've had a comp who's son but it seems to be going... I guess I've had a comp who's son but it seems to be going... (sighs) (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles)silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languageinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence That was a little bit more than it is. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much.XBOX SOUND (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to stop at Shane and I'm not going to lose. I'm going to stop at Shane and I'm not going to lose. You I'm going to stop at Shane and I'm not going to lose.XBOX SOUND We got Tommy with Katrina, there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there was no insurance company, but there there was no insurance company, there was no insurance company, there was no insurance company,silencesilence Who has something practically about moments? Like, I mean, I don't think a lot. I understand it, you know. I'm not just person, but I'm willing to kill a person. I could do this for you as I know. Good, it's just tense. (knocking) - Hi, I'm not person. - Yeah, I know. Where most of the time, I'm actually taking this brain, and you said you just didn't figure out if the brain motion comes in. peace allowing you to team that up. Peace allowing you to team that up. Peace allowing you to team that up. Peace allowing you to team that up. Peace allowing you to team that up. Peace allowing you to team that up. Peace allowing you to team that up. Peace allowing you to team that up. Peace allowing you to team that up. Peace allowing you to team that up. Peace allowing you to team that up. SilenceMusicMusicMusicINAUDIBLE I'll set up today not the whole world show. I'll read the guy on the internet.MusicMusic Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Silence Silence Yeah, facility jobs, both intonation, mononus, everything. Yeah.silencesilence to be sissy, I don't know.Pause You just feel like something has a really emergency to all of you from the pet garden of Murnips. you you you you you youINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. Silence Silence Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence You know, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you, I'm shouting at you,silencesilence It's a dinner. All of us have a dessert. Creating stuff. There's no refugee cap around, and I just tested the log-in software. 7 minutesINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I really don't think that I'll just have a split to give you any kind of things that I don't have in the election or any sort of mix. Big sits, Martian English.XBOX SOUND >> Moshe, I don't want to be upset. about their emptiness, be obsessed about their emptiness. I was always obsessed with me. Oh no, although I was obsessed with my weird obsession and I used to have a little name for a young man but I don't really guess 'cause so... 19 to 6th of 19 to 6th of 19 to 6th of 19 to 6th of 19 to 6th of 19 to 6th of 19 to 6th ofsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't know what to do. I see that you guys are going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be So it can be racist every day while it's dead on the shit that I'm dead on. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Let's not sign. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (laughs) (laughs) (mumbles) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) Pause Pause You You You You You You You You You Okay, I'll see you in the next video. Did it normally? It's not it, right?Music Silence I'm telling you, one thing to find a way to change the way you like it is, and I'm telling you to leave it. Just, it doesn't always exist. Silence Silence Okay, that is okay, that is okay. I'll kill you boys. I'm going to do the backend to make sure you're good. I'm going to do the backend to make sure you're good. Thanks for watching.silencesnapsinaudible (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) and I think the actual choice can be better. It's just a bit of a show. It's almost live to a sentence.silenceinaudiblesilence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking sound) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)laughterPiano musicsilencesilencesilence I'm going to use my line and you can see this. I'm going to put it in here and then I'm sitting in a row of times. All the time you go there is no time and no, no, no, no, no. So you switch to two times for...no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Now, we see the part of the stuff, exists. This Against the the the the piece of jimmyers. You know this designs to be big kids to to be big kids to be big kids to be big kids to be big kids to be big kids to beSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence So I'm going to see this deep lower out. Please do. It's almost like the subscription of our tabby with. I'll give you anything to be left, let's go on.MusicMusic Silence Silence and and and and 30, 30, 30, 60 or 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30 the . .silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Maybe, maybe I could be next up with these armrests.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible If there is any merit in the law for the ugly as seven, we will sorry a lot, there's any merit. Well, he really sets the sound of the standards, but I think nobody is ugly anymore. That's beauty and I really want to make this your just pure. I don't think I can be ugly in this. I don't think it can stay. I think it does. I guess I'll actually touch my server once we've gone. >> To understand that the one to the Xero R2 thing is also sort of like I'm going to press on to the end of the video. Oh, boom, it's work. You YouCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> It is what's saying that we tried to do a little work. Let's tap the points, and please, let's use them. Let's tap on the point. To stop. If you were right now, no, no excuse me, if I have to, then we will all come up with them and you'll use the rights stupid in the end. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEsilence Ready, one, move.INAUDIBLE Did you know that I'm going to sneak that? We still hope.no audiono audio Yes, we need to make sure that