[00:00:31.71] OneOdio FM1:	MusicMusic To facilitate the direct movement. What I wanted to do was to make a plan for the manipulative movement, which I had in the early part of the touch-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tomsten-wave-tom I wanted to make a plan to make a plan for the direct movement.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I said, you know, you don't want to go back home. I can't wait to hear the news, you know what I'm saying? I'm going to do some structure, I'm going to be able to do something. I'm going to be able to do something. I'm going to be able to do something. I'm going to be able to do something. I'm going to be able to do something. I'm going to be able to do something. I'm going to be able to do something. I'm going to be able to do something. I'm going to be able to do something. I'm going to be able to do something. I'm going to be able to do something. I hope you have a great time and I hope you have a great time and I hope you have a great Thank you. and then you can talk about the 730 exhaust and start the switch to your diesel, then you have to install the car keys that's the couple to make, that may not be true.silencesilence What was that about? I hope you had done that in specific way, I don't know why I didn't do that, and this... That's specific. No. I don't know why I didn't do that. I don't know why I didn't do that.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencespeaking in foreign language So, let me go over there a little bit to the party session. So, tell me a little bit. I'm just going to jump there. Pfft.silencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, I'm going to start with a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you next time. I'll tell you later when I'm done. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. Silence Silence I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it.inaudible You're not gonna see.silenceSilenceSilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know if you can see that the war is going to be going on, but it's not going to be a good thing to see the war going on. We can see that the war is going on. I'm coming out.Music (keyboard clicking) - You can see on that, that's one of the very, very simple. (keyboard clicking) And for the only problem, the only thing is the lower one, the lower one is the lower I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, I'm going to put it right here, Silence Silencesilencesilence (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) 0.8% or so, no, what can I use? 0.8% or so. 0.8% or so. I don't know if it's a problem with the system, but I'll clear it up and see what it's like. 'Cause the bar's not going to be set up, it's not. 'Cause the bar's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up, it's not going to be set up,no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Yeah, you're doing a good. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE and then start with the previous 16th and the next one.silencesilencesilencesighssilencesilence Just.MusicMusicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to have to go home and have a good rest. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) keybien level research will support him. I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in. So, I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in to see if it's okay to add a little bit of zoom in. You saw the red course, so it's a complete mess, and I'll continue to wrap it. I'll see you in the next one. Thank you for watching. See you in the next one.no speech detectedno speech detected You can't do much. Yeah. Perfect. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So I'll be able to sit down next to the seat and then I'll see you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE So, I'm going to take a look at the other one. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side.INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I've been out of tune, and I've been turning it into my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my music, my I'll show you how to use a device with a 4-inch screen. It will be very good. You can use it as a screen. Silence I'm going to finish my arm and I'm going to do a little bit more back to it. I'm going to finish my arm and I'm going to do a little bit more back to it. Thank you. Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) So I'll get to the other side. I'll get to the other side. you I'll get to the other side. (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Music Silence Do you want me to help you start now? Chin in the bud. Let's get out. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing.PausePause So I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. I'm going to show you all of the other one. (speaking in foreign language) Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> Perfect. I don't know if I can... I don't know if I can... I don't know if I can... I don't know if I can... I don't know if I can... I don't know if I can... I don't know if I can... I don't know if I can... I don't know if I can... (speaking in foreign language) You can tell if you have any of your own cases, or you don't count them. You can tell if you have any of your own cases, or you don't count them. Thank you very much.SilenceSilenceSilence Silence Silence Silence