[00:00:00.02] OneOdio FM1:	(keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSIC (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceMusicMusic Silence Silence This must be in the middle of the board so it happens to be in the middle of the board. Silence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh*SilenceSilenceinaudible Silence Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Perfection. Perfection. Perfection. Let's just face someone who did a lot of things, just face someone who did a lot of things. Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Silence Silencesilence Which isn't now.silencesilence Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE for the announcement session. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePause Go into a million percent. Gradually I show that I can see you. I can see you. I can see you. I can see you. Yeah, I'm glad I'm here. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorrySilenceSilenceSilence I'm just going to do another thing by the next... Tap the mouse page, and you can also tap the mouse page, and you can also tap the mouse page, and you can also tap the mouse page, and you can also tap the mouse page, and you can also tap the mouse page, and you can also tap the mouse page, and you can also tap the mouse page, and you can also tap the mouse page, and you can also tap the mouse page, and you can also tap the mouse page, and you can also tap the mouse page,INAUDIBLESilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence That's what it's all about. Silence I'll jump with the music and grab a cheeky over the back. Well, no. I'll jump with the music and grab a cheeky over the back. I'll jump with the music and grab a cheeky over the back. I'll jump with the music and grab a cheeky over the back. I'll jump with the music and grab a cheeky over the back. I'll jump with the music and grab a cheeky over the back. But when you ask someone to say something, they'll just say that basically, it doesn't exist or notice this, it's just a different thing. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silenceno audio Back in the alternate path in the most of the two.INAUDIBLE Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. Silence I'm not really a woman, I only have one box, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet, I don't have a set up yet Silence >> We're going to put it in this. Next. Next. Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Oh, I made a scene dead, man, what? To be...silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE >> What's the solution in there? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Now, just press this first. Press press, press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press press >> No doubt that the task was to start by no doubt in my nose. I'll see you later, once. I'll see you later, once.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Silenceinaudible So we'll be like that, but we should make sure.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Shoot, all it's that collagen in. 25th question. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, Oh, I love you. Pause Pause Silence Silence So, we have a lot of information about this, but we have a lot of information about this and we have a lot of information about this and we have a lot of information about this and Silence Silence Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)SOUND (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence and these blue shits. What were you doing by the bush? You're trying to find it if you put that friend in my memories. You felt shit and now you keep on going back to this because you want to make something out of nothing. Okay. Go ahead, make something out of nothing.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Nobody wants to go away. (door slams) (door slams) (sighs)inaudible for someone else, he wants to live and so she keeps a lot of blood, but no, he's aMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilence Pause Pause (sighs) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (grunting) (clicking) (clicking) Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Background noise Background noisesilence There's a star in the upper body.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSilenceSilence Oh, that's just a long, smooth, good, and... (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silence It's been pretty much 7.00 to 6. So I'm going to need a self-talking, and I'm going to have to go to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus, to the bus And I want to understand that it's all clear, perfect. You just don't know. So all the sounds any more, anything, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, how are you doing, I know I have to think about anything, but I'm seeing this clear, two brilliant texts, It's two to two and a half weeks. Just now, first jump to make it. Thank you for your time.SilenceSilenceSilence Thank you very, very much. Thank you very, very much. Thank you very, very much. Don't you see that I don't care. You just need to go in a post before you go in. You could do that till you would have to be killed or amazed or whatever. But that would be not important.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSsilencesilence Background noise Background noise So, this is a session, this is a session, this is a session, this is a session, this isno audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Thank you.silence to just run about. We call it sexy people, but they also have to stay away.SighsSighsMUSIC We can now use this issue to get in, like, let me see where it's going to be. Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking)silencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what I'm doing, I'm just going to get a little bit of a shit. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, nosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence But not too early, not too early, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLEsilenceinaudiblesilence and . That's about it, I don't know what I'll call it, call it, call it, call it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusic Silence Silence Silence Silence SilencesilencesilenceCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK I'm going to stop this use. (sighs) - It's not okay at all. (sighs) - No, no. No, I'm not sure I feel it. So I don't know this.Music Pause Silence Silence Pause >> Just a while. Pause Silence Silence (knocking on door) Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Silence We are going to be shot on site, on site, you see them, you know, there is also how It's not a feature worse, but he wants dialogues, and though he doesn't take care of himself each other, he doesn't. Be nice.silence (sniffing) - There are all the Emily. - All signs. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silencesilence Once people understand this, they will want to be. beautiful and they'll do a little extra effort. So they are not ugly. They are not shots on slides. Those are two ugly. People care more about being beautiful. People fly to see. People live in the world. People live in the world. Silence Oh, I just got out of the way. Silence You know, wasting time, Bill, and should all the ugly people.silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (laughs) (laughs)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKsilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence I'm not ready for getting to hold a date and you're sure you know it's all the dates. You're absolutely fucking right. Look, look, look, look, absolutely. Did they're alright too?silence Silence Silence >> Yeah, thanks for the look. I don't want somebody to listen to me. I don't think... If they recommend me from what I did, it's not like no. But when I see your eyes... I don't want somebody to listen to me. I don't want somebody to listen to me.silence I'll send one for you guys. >> Well, I'm your right-hand.silencesilencesilence >> Another one that I know of it. >> In us. I don't know if it's a fish, I don't know if it's not, or nearly out of the tides, and it comes like really generated, so nearly out of the tides, saying absolutely nothing. Oh!PausePauseinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause We need to accept this as well. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silenceinaudible I'll be back tomorrow, alright? I'll be back tomorrow, I'll be back. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> Okay. >> Okay. I hope you have a good day and you have a nice day. Thank you very much for your time. You Thank you very much. Silence I'm going to shoot that in the pool and it's to eat the good stuff and run it in and all the bullshit that I have to publish on the website and we'll do it. I don't know if you know us or if we don't be new to the town and we are part of the United States and we are part of this work, first of all we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of this and we are part of That's the block I can do, I'm going to have to say I'm done and I'm going to have to do all this just to get to the end.silenceMUSIC We need else to make happen. Thank you. I see you in the mirror, see you. and I'm going to go through the doors here, thinking in a place.silence (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) Well, let's see, come and turn into box users, something that's operative, it's double-scanned and it's a bit of shit, it's a bit of shit.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible This shows. This shows. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying,silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible and I'm really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) It's too much of a star in this system, you know, it's not in the news. You know, it's not in the news. You know, it's not in the news.silence Well, that's the last thing I'll be whispering in the 19th of the day, as well my therapist decided I should be for recours.XBOX SOUND I don't know how many of you have seen this. It's a round and maybe a sh*t.silence I don't think Brian is expected of television. I don't think Brian is expected of television. I don't think Brian is expected of television. Silence Silence But so, you can't even grieve in it at the start of the time you do. It's very annoying, well, it's just not even doing it. Well, I'm not done here. Silence Silence and that's it, thank you for watching, see you next time, bye bye. You need to do all the rest of them all. You know that for the test of... You need to do all the things you need. You have so many to come. You need to do all the things you need to do. (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay, yeah You You You You You You You You Silence Silence Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, if I don't say that we'll just... I can't wait for a start and turn it, which is as well. I can watch some... *sigh* see... there's not gonna be a lot of progress.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence We're certain that they can kill, I don't know how many millions, and nobody else can do anything. I can't edit it. People die, don't know. There's this. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) It's a very true Maybe You're still You're still You're still Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music ♪ That's your father, my dear ♪ ♪ And from the end ♪ ♪ You there, you there ♪ ♪ Well, yeah ♪ ♪ And you there, you there ♪ ♪ You there, you there ♪ ♪ And you there ♪MUSICMUSIC MusicMusicMusicMusic ♪ All the things that's right ♪ ♪ The guy who's on the scum top in the deep stands ♪ ♪ Just to kill the tenies ♪ ♪ On our streets ♪ ♪ And what's the thing that you feel ♪ ♪ To let them fall asleep ♪ ♪ That I'm not even in ♪ ♪ What's the thing that you feel ♪ Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audioCLICKINGCLICKINGINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGinaudibleinaudible So, this is the end of our show and the scenarios of this piece, yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you, Ashley, for the substantive comment on the end of the show.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause I don't know if I can speak English or not, but I can speak English or not. Thank you for watching.silencesilencesilence And that's the last thing that's actually a lot of spirit. I'm not going to be able to believe what we're going to do in the end.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence SilenceMUSIC Background noise Background noise Background noisesilencesilence Yes, sir. Well, I'll say it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Yeah, that's the end, we don't make a break, if breaks. I can use it in this pot. I can go blind or do it. Yes, and I'm already patient too much. I can do that a bit longer for the most ugly ass who can put it to Zane. We'll allow conditions that I've kept in for now, and I'll kind of have a prop in our order, Max. Hello, why?SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence And the lip, how am I all set up? but for the most ill-bus. I don't want to do it again.MusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >>INAUDIBLE I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Silence Silence So I went on the romance to now that I had told them, boys, you know, I told you, you long longs, and there you go, for the full ease of nerves. I'm going to take a couple of shots to play. I'm on my own to play. It's fine. I'm going to play in the last system and then I'm going to read this.silencesilenceMusicMusic Oh, exactly.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no audiono audio (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected You don't do anything. You don't do anything. You don't do anything. You don't do anything. Then you're suffering no, in the dead case, man. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> Something called me. >> Goals as a sort of super mad and super power hero. to be so you have more power. As I think, for any input, not being a religious person, being more of a star of difficult. You have a strong will. If that's something that will give you super powers to be, but hello.silencesilence PauseINAUDIBLE per page and all that. You know, I can't stop a gunner up in the bag. Teen Toss Kids.Pause and have a lot of us a good place for the rest of the day. New options. New options. New options. New options. New options. New options. New options. New options. New options. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >>INAUDIBLE Silence Silence No, God, beaming.silencesilence (sniffing) You don't call that me underneath. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilence It's just a little stiffy. It's more like a little trance.silenceno speech detected Okay. Stop this abuse. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You will continue what you do, which means that you are willing to sacrifice everybody the whole planet. million people to continue to do what you do, which is what exactly? What do you actually do, boys, for the life? Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence (catchy music) (speaking in foreign language) (catchy music) (catchy music) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's it, I'm gonna see you soon. Shame. Shame, I'm gonna be with you. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark I'm just going to put it on the surface. I'm just going to put it on the surface. I just want to put it on the surface. I'm just going to put it on the surface. I'm not going to be able to do that.INAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause I'm going to put it in the box and I'm going to put it in the box and I'm going to put it in the box I'm going to put it in the box and I'm going to put it in the box and I'm going to put it in the boxSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilencesilencesilence I'm going to work on the lima key, I'll also be able to see how it works. So I thought it was going to be nice to see you guys. Let's take your initial launch.Music Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceinaudible Music, do you want to write? Ah, it's okay there.INAUDIBLE (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to do this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to startsilenceinaudiblesilence Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLE Silence Silenceno audioinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Inaudible RemarkSilence You must have placed.SilenceSilenceno audiono audiono audio (indistinct) Stokes on the tackle. All the buttons. All the way. All the way. All the way. Okay. See you soon.inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence I'm going to add more of these things. The other one is... I'm going to add more of these things. I'm going to add more of these things. I'm going to add more of these things. One pair of minute. remember from this, from this, that mean time pass and so on. Well, do you need to know what the effect of survival is why? I didn't leave him. I'm very close. Why did you make you sign off on the risk factor this time of dissaposed? Why did he actually mention this? Why? Did that something ever happen to us? That's what I think of the wrong ones. Try to slide to the the vibration or something. So what point are you wrong and I'm right and then you can follow the tree before you can fake that you actually understand the green but still don't agree I'm going to continue to report what does it gain you do?Silence Try not to give it a name.SilenceSilenceSilence Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence So, do you like us, Code? Have you seen Rotter-Man, Banger-Man from Elkwood? What's happening? Silenceno audio The arm side. Silence to listen to it. (coughing) I'll see you next time. Thank you.INAUDIBLESOUNDINAUDIBLE Silence Silence So, this is the first time I've ever seen a person like this, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've never seen a person like this before, I've neverMUSIC (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) the . Peace and my name is not possible to lie here, and now there's a complete list of time in the last one. 'Cause you want to catch your own... ...batch 'em. So time... Silence Silence Background noise Background noise Background noise Background noiseXBOX SOUND it's too much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC So, I think it... I think it... I think it...silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thanks for watching. Thank you very much. (laughs)silence Check out the nozzle.silence I'm not sick of the nozzle.silence Silence (indistinct)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm just a monster, a sman, and not the other mutants. Silence SilencesilenceINAUDIBLEsilenceno speech detected very nice. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence I have a plan, everybody else does have a plan, I know it's going to be a lot of fun. So knowing it's gonna have Kakaigo, too much ego, but it needs to be annoying. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence >> Quick, quick, quick, quick, quick.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible and and . Silence (indistinct) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (door slams) >> Boxing and prayer. on the box and read. Thank you. Silence >> Shuffling. Silence Silence I'll keep that in some shoes. How much better than you want to see? Like this. Alright, brah. Still doing this and up. Alright, brah. Alright, brah. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language Pause PauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to do a little bit of a slip. Do you want to do a little bit of a slip? Do you want to do a little bit of a slip? Do you want to do a little bit of a slip? Do you want to do a little bit of a slip? Do you want to do a little bit of a slip? Do you want to do a little bit of a slip? Do you want to do a little bit of a slip? Do you want to do a little bit of a slip? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)CLICKsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedsilenceinaudiblesilencesilence We'll come.Musicsilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceinaudiblesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audio Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So I'll be doing this too much, maybe this should have been too turning to get go time. It's a tag by voices that will be composable voices. That essentially... That way, that way, that way, that way, and I was just going to be loud and you can just hear everybody, and now we're going to sign up for the sign up question. You know, both of them are sign up and you're just doing the thing. Come on in. We're going to use the alarm.silenceinaudible Silence Silence Very important to have those issues. You know, I need those to also need an emergency procession. So that's a giant option so far.silence Ah! Ah! *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* Silence I'm not going to expand. I'm not going to expand, I'm not going to expand. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. That's what we need to tell you. Thanks for joining us. Thank you.silenceCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK Let me see what's there.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE What? Well, just sound-hands. On the mountains. What sound?silence So...silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence I am lost in the city, but you are defeated and I am lost in the city, I am lost in the city, I am lost in the city, I am lost in the city, I am lost in the city, I am lost in I don't know why. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I don't know why I'm doing this. So that will stop the delay, and I'll start with this, now let's do that big seek, and call that. Open this. Open this.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> We do more of the rant with rant. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryMUSIC (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence I just wanted to see if I can see what's going on. I'm going to put it on top of the door and I'm going to put it on top of the door. I'm going to put it on top of the door and I'm going to put it on top of the door. Pause Pause Pausesilence (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence I'm just going to have to go back to my room and see what I can do. I don't know if I'm wrong or I don't know if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if I'm wrong or if Yeah, I'm going to make it all, you are the only one, you need to make it all, you have to make it all. Yes, I'm going to make it all, I'm going to make it all, I'm going to make it all. So, let me know, with the amount of money you can get to the top of our column. Thank you for your time, thank you very much for your time. Silence Pause Inaudible Remark >> Thank you very much. Pause (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sighs) Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible SilenceINAUDIBLE I'll tell you something, we want to learn it. Big bad mood. We had active groups, we had active groups, and so, you know, you're the best. I can't do it. We said that's very bad. We said that's not bad. We said that's not bad. We said that's not bad.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I can't even see the other board.CLICK I don't think so. The happy double is for you now. The happy double. The happy double is for you now. I'm hurt not leave. (coughs) (snaps) (coughs)PausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) We need any good sounds if I look at them, don't, unless I look at those, what do I say? That was it, I need to pause.silencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Thank you very much. movie theaters and the on a fictional story not to the side but based on a more viable stuffMusic Yeah, there's all of you in the kitchen.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm not quite all on the phone. I'm not quite all on the phone. I'm not quite all on the phone. I'm not quite all on the phone. I'm not quite all on the phone. I'm not quite all on the phone. I'm not quite all on the phone. I'm not quite all on the phone. I'm not quite all on the phone. I'm not quite all on the phone. I'm not quite all on the phone.inaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause You're all right, no. I'm going to see you. I'm going to see you. I can't believe it Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. You get some of Kirby forms and it's going to be much more smooth. Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicMusicMusic and the heart room. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. That must be good.silencesilencesilencesilence You'll ask what to do if it's too smart. I'm doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than I should be doing it in a better way than (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) Very nice sound, lots of nice words and a lot of fissures to done and coach it. Very nice sound, lots of nice words and a lot of fissures to done and coach it. Very nice sound, lots of nice words and a lot of fissures to done and coach it. Very nice sound, lots of nice words and a lot of fissures to done and coach it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSICMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause I'm not I'm at least a simple ship, I should uh... I can't record this, I'm sorry. We use our mobile restaurant all the time. It's stupid, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. (sniffing) Rest at once. Rest at once. Rest at once. Rest at once. Rest at once. Rest at once. Rest at once. Rest at once. Rest at once. I'm going to put it on the wall, and I'm going to go on the wall, and I'm going to put it on the wall. Silence Silence and and Sasha'sMusic Why do you ban everybody else? So you can't destroy everything at a reason you can't destroy it. Thank you very much. I don't know if you can hear me or else, but I don't think I'm gonna see this. (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (door slams) If that can't be enough, I'll continue all the way. Don't do anything stupid. I do hear that. (laughs) I'm going to add a little bit of white to make it look more like the last one. I'm not good, do you know how I'm doing? Please park open. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence (inaudible) So I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm going to put it here, I'm (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Silence Silence and that's pretty sure you'll be able to run it forward. Go to the front. Go to the front. On the challenge shot. Yeah? Okay. I'm going to make a move. I'm going to start giving. Okay. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence SilenceMusicMusic I'll see you guys, I'm going to be on the next video. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence (grunts) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Guy, I can't do this.Music Now, I have come to the point where I am going to use this to make a new file. Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence >> If you have a moment, I can just want to go out to you all the way up. (door slams) (door slams) (coughs) (coughs) (door slams)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Pause >> Inaudible Remark You can bobby here, you can't know... ...sextals. Bye, man.Silence There's no solution, stay in place.Silence Thanks. and I'm gonna put it on my nose.silenceinaudibleinaudible Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to go to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room, to the next room (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think that's better for you. I think I need a new shop. I'll tell that shop, I'll tell that shop.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) Silence Inaudible RemarkSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceMusicMusicMusicsilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Silence Silence Silence This is not okay, that's not okay. So don't worry team at no, stop, stop the abuse, stop it now, stop it, they're ready. Stop it, definitely now.MusicMusic (sniffing) (mimicking) (mimicking) (dog barks) (dog barks) (dog barks) (dog barks) (dog barks) (dog barks) (dog barks) (dog barks) (dog barks) Silence Silence I'm just going to sub this in here also. and I will do white angle in the middle. I need to do good now. That's just for you. Shh. I'm going to pick it up. Okay. I'm gonna have to do it.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause >> One more on the screen, I'll have text. That was really not that good to do the accent. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) I'm going to send the joke, uh, uh, it's going to be awesome, I think. Awesome.silenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE >> I'm stressed. >> The door will open on my head. The door will come with my head. >> The door will open on my head. >> The door will open on my head. >> The door will open on my head. >> The door will open on my head. >> The door will open on my head. >> The door will open on my head. >> The door will open on my head. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Yeah, I can't. I'm sorry, I had to solve it. I'm sorry, I had to solve it. I'm sorry, I had to solve it. I'm sorry, I had to solve it. I'm sorry, I had to solve it. I'm sorry, I had to solve it.MusicMusicMusic I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guys, I have a lot of questions for you guyssilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Silence If you do a telephone and a YouTube, that million in all my people, if it's all right, I'll call for a killmas. Assangement, and I'll see you in the next one. I shouldn't think about that. I'll see you in the next one.INAUDIBLE Yeah, the pickle line on the right or the pickle line on the right, but it is. Mustard and ketchup, two salads, two list of cheddar, meat. Pause Pause You can work this without any problems. Silence Yes.no speech detectedno speech detectedsilenceinaudiblesilence Silence Silence Silence Oh You You You You You You You You You Silence Silence Silence Music ♪ In the Christmas march ♪ ♪ In the Christmas march ♪ ♪ All the senators ♪ ♪ In the Christmas march ♪ ♪ All the time ♪ ♪ All the time ♪ ♪ All the time ♪ ♪ In the Christmas march ♪ Music Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible And for the children of the students, they can't really be used to every kind of practice. The students have to be used to every kind of practice. The students have to be used to every kind of practice. The students have to be used to every kind of practice. The students have to be used to every kind of practice. The students have to be used to every kind of practice. The students have to be used to every kind of practice. Inaudible Remark ♪ And that's the soul boy ♪ (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! Be the Zegba! So, boy, so little as we saw in the last episode of the show. You will have to wait until the show is done, and then we will be presented to you in the next episode of the show. For about 5,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 Thank you for watching. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)FOREIGN (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to have to practice this, show them a little bit of the instinct. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) another rock film and a real boy curse of 30 years old and Nash, he had won me the with more thin sky. You're going to turn the other side.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Silence Silence Pause >>InaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Background Sounds Silence I put myself a horses in the sky, so that I can go to the new house of Toto, where the kids, or the juxtapos, are all the kids from all around the world. The kids are all the kids from all around the world, so that I can go to the new house of Toto, where the kids, or the juxtapos, are all the kids from all around the world, and the results have been great. 12 of you need to do so basically. (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language)MUSIC MusicMusicMUSICMUSIC Music Music ♪ I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm a child, I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm a Music Music Music Music Music ♪ Because you're a pain, you're the only thing I want to touch ♪ ♪ If you let me eat some lunch ♪ ♪ Stop lunch ♪ ♪ There's a fish out of cash ♪ ♪ There's a lamb, she's so nice ♪ ♪ I don't think it's too much ♪ and protect you that's outside of life, and see the heart for tonight. I'm here to do, I'm here to do. I'm here to do, I'm here to do. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ And find ♪ Or you can tap on the top, five wishes, five wishes. We can cash them up to six, seven weeks. Because we're speaking strong. We're speaking in our own hands, we're speaking strong. ♪ In my eyes ♪ ♪ In my eyes ♪ ♪ In my eyes ♪ ♪ In my eyes ♪ ♪ In my eyes ♪ ♪ In my eyes ♪ ♪ In my eyes ♪ ♪ In my eyes ♪ ♪ In my eyes ♪ ♪ In my eyes ♪ Music ♪ I'm a little bit more ♪ ♪ You find me ♪ ♪ I'm not just a baby ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm not thinking straight ♪ ♪ Like I'm feeling ♪ ♪ I need to play, can't see, can't know why ♪ ♪ Only when you fall ♪ ♪ You don't know me ♪ Music Music SilenceMusicMusic In the fitness, it's not about the feeling of boxing. No, it's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. It's not about the feeling of boxing. (speaking in foreign language) And when I was a child, I had to be a professional teacher in my school. So I was able to become a teacher. So I was able to become a teacher in my school. So I was able to become a teacher. So I was able to become a teacher. So I was able to become a teacher. So I was able to become a teacher. So I was able to become a teacher. So I was able to become a teacher. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (cow mooing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm sorry, I'm sorry. So I'm so good feeling that fair. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) In the beginning of the 15th of the 18th of the 18th, the Gets New Year's Eve is set to go on the way. The next theme is "Stound 4" I thought that's all I was going to have. This is the 50th week I've been in Street. So that is an 8th of my shop, the Southern Elkockers simply scatter over the bits and the internet sometimes, and you'll be doing on sale on the channel to get back info. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) So, you can throw my phone back.MusicMusic Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Inaudible Remark I don't know if you can find me here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here, I don't know if I can find you here Pause Pause Pause Thank you. I need to be able to do that. I need to be able to do that. I need to be able to do that. I need to be able to do that. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEsilenceSIGHS Silence Silence >> Let me check it. >> Next. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilence Silence >> Yeah. >> Thank you. Uh...Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Okay, I see you in the next one. Okay, I see you in the next one. Okay, I see you in the next one. Okay, I see you in the next one. Okay, I see you in the next one. Okay, I see you in the next one. Okay, I see you in the next one. Okay, I see you in the next one. Okay, I see you in the next one. Alright. Pretty nice. No, please. Come on. (laughs) - Why? (laughs) - Oh God, these things. (laughs) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers)no audiono audiono audiosilencesilencesilence Music Silencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct) the amazing spirit. Thank you. >> Here else. >> Here the clear harmony. >> Come on. I'm part of it, it's part of me. So I used to know that I was somewhere in the world. So they're doing it. I tried to create these things with... I'm really making it happy.silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audio >> It's almost done. That's what it's done.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE Silence Silencesilencespeaking in foreign language Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (laughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCOUGH Silence Silence Silence In the city, in the mountains, in the city, in the valley, in the valley, in the valley, in the valley. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)no audiono audioMusicMusic Silence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) that you know isn't that he must or gets vice versa. Thank you very much. Thank you. PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PushPushPush Thank you very much, nice night. Thanks for watching, I'll see you in the next video. Thanks for watching, I'll see you in the next video. Thanks for watching, I'll see you in the next video.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I hope that was a good night.MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) Good new allos off xnqv That's a good new year space code 6th stavlat and that's a slav with new lots Machine chisra but which is my riches That's a good old Now the rest, one of the testing the rest One of the things on the roof here (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencescoffsscoffssilencesilence So, this is the first time I have done this. So, this is the first time I have done this. So, this is the first time I have done this. (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Background noise Background noise (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better, I'm better You know, those are some of the real bars.silencesilencesilence I have to have a wrench now and I'll have one of those, so I'll be going to have a look.silencesilencesilencesniffingsilencesilenceno speech detectedsilencesilence PauseMusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Ah! Again, I try to masturbate and I really enjoy being a voyeuristic pervert sexual predatus. Take all of them, actually, it's just inputs and turns out to get all the ones on the surface. Disgusting, they're really disgusting. These things... Pause PausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that?silencesilenceno audiosilenceMUSIC So, I think that is a very important thing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) so it's not slum, it's egginaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Well, I'll be it self killed. I will stop on this normal There is nothing you have to do or the pixel to come in here I will stop on this normal I will stop on this normal I will stop on this normal (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm sure that's absolutely right. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much.silence More, close.silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's how we're going to play the game, look, it's all the stuff that we have here. That's it for now, see you later, see you later, see you later, bye bye.no audioSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs This is so smart. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I don't know how to put it on the other side of the screen, but I don't know how to put it on the other side of the screen. I don't know how to put it on the other side of the screen. I don't know how to put it on the other side of the screen. I don't know how to put it on the other side of the screen. I don't know how to put it on the other side of the screen.no audiono audio (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to be faster than I am.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Twenty-six in KM. Accessories, let's go back to the plan. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (knocking on door) You did it. Hello, best friend. Let me see. Thanks. Thank you very much. I'm going to sit there to close here.Music Silence Silence >> Yes, your name is? Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilenceno speech detectedSOUNDsilencesilence open us, not go all the cool to them, let's head to that, skip that thing around, and much thought in the book on Solvella.silencesilencesilence >> No, it hurts. >>INAUDIBLEno audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause Pause Pause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicsilencesilence I don't know what I'm going to do with that. I'm going to have to make it a bit too bad.Pause Silence Silence Well, see you in the next week. Bye. Bye.MusicMusicMusic Cousin, teach us all here where it has to get you out with them. I'm on my lovely... But the valley got to make it way worth more money. That's not so much.silencesilencesilence But don't tell me I'm a bit ticked, I'm a bit tickled, too. Don't tell me you're cute, you're so nice, you're so... Maya!silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Thank you. You You You You Yousilencespeaking in foreign languagesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceCOUGH Thank you for watching. . . . . . .no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE Yeah, it's a lot of them. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.silencesilencesilence I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Go away to be calm down, because I'm blocked out here, calm down, driving so much. Go away. There is no discussion. Thank you for watching. That's beyond discussion. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silenceMusicMusic (crickets chirping) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I can't tell you what I'm going to call it, I'm going to talk to you about a note I didn't say that, but I'm going to teach it to everyone who does probably notes. I'm going to let you know that. I'll see you next time. I'm going to test it. I'm going to have to help. I think that I'm going to have to... Oh! I'm going to do it again. I'm going to have to do it again. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to have to wait for the next one. That's the only thing that I can do is to make sure that it's not too tight and that it's tight. You left? Any noise?Sounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door opening Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Oh. Bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapinaudible Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Silence Silence So, I'm going to be back in the middle of. Come on, please. You need to hear what it is. (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Okay, let me give you a few minutes to not kill me, you will not survive whether you This is defined. There's no point to it except it's just a cleanest sea-dism.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK Silence Silence I have to go first. That's it. Thank you very much. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Sure, no, I'm sorry. I can't give you shares. Thank you very much. Thank you so much for watching. Thank you so much for watching. Thank you so much. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'm going to go to the I hope you guys have a really good night, but I don't know.silence Just one hand. This is my son. I'll make a video.WHISTLE BLOWS I don't know how I make a big load for all of that. I'm going to cut fit on some of them too. Rolls that one. This one, this. This one, this. This. This. Silence (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) I'm going to add a little bit more of this, and then add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I You can't tell you anything, you know. You can't tell you anything, you know. You can't tell you anything, you know.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, I got it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do that. If you think that this is the only thing that I've ever come up with, I don't even know what I've come up with. At least I have a few minutes to stand there, and now I'm going to have a look at this.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)silence Well, it was so good that it must be eliminated. The worst for that must be killed. Kill the buck or that has been psychologically brain or centralitized, even more than everybody else in place. Make sure she gets help, make sure boys for the life is successful, it's getting rid of as soon as possible.Clapping soundsClapping soundsClapping sounds Silence Silence I'm going to have to go back to my room and see if I can get a better view of the room. I'm going to have to go back to my room and see if I can get a better view of the room. I'm going to have to go back to my room and see if I can get a better view of the room. What should you do? Get the course. Go first. Thanks. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Silence Silence Silence I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencetyping sounds You know, this will become public, please think about what you are doing to me and what you're doing to all the life, and I also think of it as a tip to it.Music I'm going to add a little bit of the volume. I'm going to add a little bit of the volume. Silence >> Onerums. Silence Silence You don't have to be a part of it, you don't have to be a part of it. I don't know if you can see it. So, I'll keep you there, but I'll just need to see it. I don't know if it's up to you. It's up to you.silencesilence Silence Silence MusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected So, I can have a speech, I can have a speech, I can have a speech, I can have a speech, Yes, and if that means giving you the information to help you decide whatever is best for the sub to you and your own free will, without your own free will, without you making the right choices and sometimes the wrong choices. You stop. You see, success. Take this seriously. Wisdom, free will, doing the right thing, learning from your mistakes. That's how mankind will survive. This atrocity, this inhumanity. It's going to be the end of it. To the right thing. Now. Don't just leave this to empty worse. Change to... It needs to happen quickly before it is completely too late, and it's not just words, actions, and the real world.no audiono audiono audio Silence It should finish with another one. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright.no speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm pushing a bit more from the feet of the piece, but I'm just doing this.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) each lucky built the home. That's my car in the house. (groaning)MUSICMUSIC I'll show you how to do it. I'll do it in a minute. Thank you for your time. I'm going to have to go off the shelf. I'm going to have to go off the shelf. I'm going to have to go off the shelf. I'm going to have to go off the shelf. I'm going to have to go off the shelf. I'm going to have to go off the shelf. I'm going to have to go off the shelf. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no audiono audiono audio I'm going to put it all on the table to tell you the cause of the vessel. Oops.PausePausePause Nice, cash.Pause All right.Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE the use and the more kittens needs to begin. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. . . .silencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark Contrary to each other. I'll go to that game show with a kiss. (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking)MusicMusicMusicMusic Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to use this one up there, I'm going to just not need to do it.no speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Hey.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (claps) (claps)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm just going to add a little bit more of that, a little bit more of that, a little bit Pause Pause Pausesilencesilence (door slams) Silence Silence I'm just going to speak a little bit more, please sleep a little bit more, yeah.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence It's a shame she didn't do it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) SilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Silence Silence I'm just going to get a little bit more of a solution for the bottom of this.silenceinaudible Yeah, that's the bus stop. I'm not going to talk about it right now. I'm not going to talk about it right now. I'm not going to talk about it right now. I'm not going to talk about it right now. I'm not going to talk about it right now.PausePause (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> If you move on to the new synapse. I'll just cut you out with a little bit more. Red solid. I'll just pull that up a little bit and then I'll just pull it up a little bit and then I'll just pull it up a little bit and then I'll just pull it up a little bit and then I'll just pull it up a little bit and then I'll just pull it up a little bit and then I'll just pull it up a little bit and then I'll just pull it up a little bit and then I'll just pull it up a little bit and then I'll just pull it up a little bit and then I'll just pull it up a little bitno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to take them back. I'm going to take them back. I don't want to see any further on my mates, but I'll tell you about it from a set of groceries from the Ardens or something. No, come on.MusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCLICKCLICKsilenceinaudibleinaudible Pause >> Well, yeah, here's the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh PauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I like all over the place, all of a sudden they have a headquarter in my New York. Why? Like a Susanne, I think they know how to be enough. I think they know how to be enough. I think they know how to be enough. I think they know how to be enough. Yeah, thank you. They're successful, so...SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs We're going to need more to make sure that we're working on it. Well, exactly. That might work our position, but... It's simple, I just don't have time. (Clock ticking) (Clock ticking) (Clock ticking) and or taste and other parts. You see, those are our works. So slow. I wonder, so slow, so slow. (sniffing) Well, I just asked in peace. response.silence Shostdom. But I don't need to be. I'm not going to. That's all respect, don't go into myself, to kill myself, because of obvious, go away. Silence Silence Silence Okay, yeah, okay. I'm not. Yeah, don't go to it. Okay, that means. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. (sniffing) You know what I think about them. Make it best. This is a box. I have a thing on the front there, you'll need to show up. You'll need to show up. I have a thing on the front there. You'll need to show up. You'll need to show up. You'll need to show up.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'll just send my couplet to this one.silencesilence Silence Silence I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) So this one goes right to the right and then one of the edges The middle one will sit And show it at the top of the edge Give us a negative smile. So, all of it. One more video. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Pause Pause Pause Pausesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to put myself to the box and then I'm going to put myself to the box. Yeah, it's awesome. Silence Silence I'm going to do it in your best way, you know what I'm saying?silence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (claps) Silence Silence No way to do that.INAUDIBLE Oh, yes, it's a lot of years. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence SilenceSOUND I don't know if you said that you have to say it and I'm comfortable with that, so I thought for a bit of fun, I'm not sure if that's the only thing I'm going to do.silencesilencesilence >> I see what I'm doing.SOUND Silence Silence Silence Silence Clothes Cannot be glides Okay, I'll do this one.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS the policing we come using, where did that live be? when I go starting going wrong, good or wrong? (sniffing) Silence Silence I'm not as opposed to that. Thank you for watching. you Thank you. Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence (clicking) Here chords, they do not have, they have whatever this one.silence Close.silencesilenceBELL RINGINGMUSIC PLAYING Thanks.BellMusic Bless you, Grants.silencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. Oh, that was close. You will never do this. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your clear self. You will never wash your I'll be 7 years to see my non-stop 24/7 use. This might be the right time for the end to it. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (clicking) (sighs) (clicking)INAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Above all, do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. Do whatever you can to get worse and worse, eliminate, assassinate it. better if I don't know. Last May I to come to this. It is true, because you've never sat in our close fully settled. If we don't act now, this will be our rank. You must go, hopefully, is the only one, always just extreme measure needs to be taken. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. >> I was just running on on Saturday, why can't nobody else just say this and preach like this what you're like to cause a lot it's a brain rushing to college see what's what's what's what's brandy you have to do this don't you agree You owe me half a million dollars. I still don't like the guts to come and kill me just for the sake of the money. Half a million. You know it. That's the end of it just You You You You You You You You You I don't know, you never read about the lights, it has to come from them somewhere you were on You don't show commitments, they just don't continue to do this abuse Thanks people, thanks a lotno audiono audiosilencesilence That's so small.silencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Zoom, pause, click, this side. Thank you very much for your time. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silencespeaking in foreign languagesilence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I am warm. Thank you very much. Pause Pauseno audiono audiono audiono audio So, is there any debate in this? Here, the debate. This is part of the memory of the other one, that's...silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >>INAUDIBLEsilencesilenceINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence the . Click fill. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence I can't get too close to the door, I don't know. Music Silence Silence SilenceSOUND (sniffing) (sighs) Mm. Mm.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilence (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) >> Yeah, it's a wonderful experience. (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking)CLICK Sorry.CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK I'm going to turn it on now to make it happen to you all, I'm doing this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) PauseMusic Come on, Bobon. Come level up, top, one, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three Come on, Bobon. (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence So yeah, it's like I recorded them. So, I'm just contenting here for some else, if you'll like it, I'm just contenting. of course building it alright. Now just six years of the other little thing to write. Feels good. There's nothing because we don't have a friend here. It's not like the man that fell on him for the whole life, but I think that's how we know that. It's like all of a sudden you still need it to do to find a lot of power in the game of the world and make up all of it. All of it was good now. I'm going to block. So now it's a C. Yeah, that's not so, that's pretty close. So I'm going to complete the job, and there you are, there's something dark, it's not quite bad I guess, it's not quite slipping away while you can't do the thing about it. Well, it's not fear. I don't know how to say this. It's not fear. It's like... Very great. Very good, and then there's a control, and there's no control at all. So you always have to force. I know both cases are soon to slide up. I know both cases are soon to slide up. I'm glad I didn't know. I'm glad I didn't know. I'm glad I didn't know. I'm glad I didn't know. I'm glad I didn't know. I'm glad I didn't know. I'm glad I didn't know. Silence Silence Silence Silence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Silence Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Oh, Trump.silencesighs I'll cover this one.silencesilenceINAUDIBLE That used to be worse. No, I'm sorry. Whatever that's the whole thing, I'm going to keep going. I'm going to sleep, I'm going to sleep. I think I might have any say. We tip the hood flat a little bit on the nose, a little bit on the nose, I can't hear it. I can't hear it. I can't hear it. I can't hear it. (grunts) (sniffing) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) What's in here? No. That's what he says.silenceno audiono audio (clicking) All right, jungle on. Stomp the road. Prove it. (clicking) You know what I'm saying? I'm most likely only to say that I don't care because you don't care, but I do care. I don't say I don't care. Shuts a couple already now. Sometimes I do care. But I culturally climb all the time. That's it. That's all the same.MUSIC Silence Silence I am warm, not packaging you'll just warm. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> Sure, this press to the edge of the mirror.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. I'm gonna put the easter mark as it's really known.INAUDIBLE Silence Silencesilence Keep playing app.silence I'll try to see. You know? I'm thinking about what to do next. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Move. Move. Move. Move. Move.sighssighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Take those out of the tunnel, one, two, three, four, five, Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence Silence >> Well, more in the room. >> Just other area models. >> I'm not there enough. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Go to the left. Go to the left. Go to the left. Guys, I'm here with aINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE We appreciate all the six of you are smiling too, so give it a hand and you can tune in to the next series. Yes, eventor. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (keyboard clacking) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to read point sensors and send people to me to the shop and I'm going to save things. You can't wait for this to be available. Thank you. Thank you, daddy, for having me. Thank you, daddy, for having me. Thank you, daddy, for having me. Thank you, daddy, for having me. Thank you, daddy, for having me. Thank you, daddy, for having me. Thank you, daddy, for having me. Thank you, daddy, for having me. Thank you, daddy, for having me. Thank you, daddy. Thank you, daddy. Silence SilenceCLICK >> Wait, I need big palm on them. (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll come around here and ask for that chain here and I'll go ahead and do it. I'll come around here and I'll go ahead and do it. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, that means it's a lot of time to go to bed. So, that's it. So, that's it. So, that means it's a lot of time to go to bed. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) What? (sniffing)NOISEsilencesilence I created that test because I'm already not talking to you as well.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause Pause (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)XBOX SOUND (laughs) No, no, I can't be heartbroken, so be it love. (sniffs)POP (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'm sorry, I'm too long to, I don't know, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know.silencesilence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence Thank you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silencetyping soundtyping soundtyping soundtyping soundtyping soundtyping soundtyping soundtyping soundtyping soundtyping sound I don't like it up. I don't like that I get to buy it. Of course he's not supposed to. He's really likely to be. He's not supposed to be wrong. I don't like that I'm being. I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done, I wish there was something more I should have done So please, please anyone, all of you, yes you, you, keep me a real reason to live for another day. SilenceINAUDIBLE Oops. That's a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of Oops. I'm going to add a bit of blue. Yes. I'm going to add a little bit of blue. I'm going to add a little bit of blue. This is where I'm going to add a little bit of blue. This is where I'm going to add a little bit of blue. >> I'm also saying, I'm a little too much of a-- >> I'll just show you. I'm going to ask you to excuse me, I'm going to reject you, I'm going to leave you with something to do. Thank you. that could be your own.NOISE (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesighssnifflessnifflessnifflessniffles (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) This was an endless revolution. I'm going to go to the other side of the world. I'm going to go to the other side of the world. >> That's a circle.SIGHSsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, I'm going to have to wait a little bit longer to get back to the slide. So, I'm going to have to wait a little bit longer to get back to the slide. (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilence Oops.silenceinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence Yeah, I'll tell you what it's all about. Oh, no, guys.INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Lots of keyboards. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) If you take my list of views, it's good, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (speaking in foreign language) (sighing) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible See you soon. The very way you know it very well, you will be right, if you don't know before it continues without me. I'm not going to look at it. I'm going to look at it. I'm going to look at it. I'm going to look at it. I'm going to look at it. I'm going to look at it. I'm going to look at it. I'm going to look at it. I'm going to look at it. I'm going to look at it. I'm going to look at it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Pause I'll get you out of my house. See for the next video. Good luck to you all. See you in the next video. See you in the next video. See you in the next video. See you in the next video. Bye, see you in the next video. Bye. I can't... No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no *Sigh* (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Okay, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here, so on here,silencesighingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay, well this cannot be finished, please, what's the real solution? Let's do one else X. Can we get lost? Can we get lost? Can we get lost? I don't know. I don't know. Just think it might look a little bit more like a relief. Let's have... Let's move. Let's have... There, there, I think that's it.silenceinaudibleinaudible I'm going to...SighSighSighSighSighSigh I don't know how to do it, but it's just a little bit more difficult to do, but it's just a little bit more difficult to do.silencesilenceINAUDIBLE So...Breathing in pain >> So far, so far, what about the next? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, I'll just listen to that and then I'll rent up the 10 mods for you, where I don't know how to do it directly all night. I'll just take my weight in there and I'll go over there and I'll show you where I was. YouSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Okay, boy, we're going to open the doors. We're going to open up the door. So I think we should set the door once. Take a fancy.INAUDIBLE I shouldn't have a roomy gonna have to follow up too. *Gasps* *Gasps* Thanks for watching. Oh, come on, come on, come on, we're here to miss you, not to leave the rest of the in the nest. Well, see you, Dobri. Okay, go on the classroom, go to the swimming pool. Turn five.MusicMusicMusic Take care of tonight's Silence (sighs) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (crying) (snaps fingers) Here we go. (door slams)silence Right there.silence Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence >> Fix it. I love you so much. Silence Silence >> That's a lot of news, yeah.MusicMusic at all the time. (click) (click) Hey, that's not an anti-tank. Yeah. (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) No. Good luck to you all here for a new snuggler. Good luck to you all. Good luck to you all. (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll see you in a few minutes, I'll seesilencecoughsdoor clicksdoor clicksdoor clicks One feels too fake, right? Let's sit.MusicMusic Silencesilence Okay. All right, all right. Yes, that's it. I'm sure that would be good. I'm sure that would be good. I'm sure that would be good.MusicMusicMusicBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirping (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE >> I'm sorry, I'm sorry. (sniffing) Silence SilenceLAUGH That's a little less stress. I really can't be sure of it. That's not stupid.silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Hello, boys. Hello, ballad. I'm going to turn that down a little bit. I'm going to turn that down a little bit. I'm going to turn that down a little bit. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know how long it will take to get this one out of the way, but I think it is quite I'm just a person with a bad feeling about it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSOUND (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence (coughs) Bye and we'll see you in the next one.MusicSighsSighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (mimics clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remarksilenceclick, click, click, clickclick, click, clickclick, click, clickclick, click, click, click >> Let's say it's not like that.LAUGHMUSIC (coughing) Oh, there it is. (coughing) Oh, that's awesome.silencesilence Silence Silence (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilenceNOISENOISE First What was that, the notification of sounds? That's the motel, very contrasome to be done.silencesilenceno audiono audio >> Just so cool that I'm out.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Hello, hello, hello, hello, I asked if I'm not even a person's part, really introduce your source. For the summons of this day. Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEMusicno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to add a little bit more of the material to make it look like a little bit of ano speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusic Silence Silence Silence What can we do now?silence Let's have the other orbsite tapes.silence Oh my man. I can't believe it's cleared up on the map. Oh, I knew it! I knew it! I knew it! I knew it! (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudible It's, uh, I don't know, you know, it's got a lot of funerals on it. They're all out side-banging with it. I don't think so.Panting (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm on my way to the Earth, I'm onsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay, then Maria, are you all up sex on the film, or what's wrong with you? Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE So, should we do not vanish to release the cameras, click on the right and move. Click on the right and move. I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm goingINAUDIBLEsilencesighs Now I'm going to make sure to attach it well, but I'm not going to need my arm. Thank you very much for the both sides.silencesilencesighsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (smacking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I like to listen to the line that I've also read. Nah, you know what I mean? I'm not a person. You know where the key is? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) Silence Silence and and and and and and and and and and and We'll look for the other one.SilenceSilencePause This is the end of the video.Pause >> Maybe just a beer. >> You know what even? >> I don't know. >> I don't know how to say it. I'll just keep touching on my screen. useful forinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Look at that sauce too. with the clients, but come on. Go to your call number up on your credit. Thank you very much. Silencesilenceinaudiblesilence So, I'm going to press my mic so I'm going to switch up to the other one on the screen. Let's go to the other corner. I'm going to press the other one on the screen.silencesnoringsilence So why is she not asking me, I'm not going to listen to me. (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) >> Yes, I just want to say. So, the first thing that we have to do is, we have to make sure that we are not going to be able to do that. So, we have to make sure that we are not going to be able to do that. So, we have to make sure that we are not going to be able to do that. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) Silence Inaudible Remark Silence What about me? You actually took it. What about me? It's actually just... What about me? Nothing you can do. What about me, what else can you do, what about me, you have to make you do, me,MUSICno speech detected And now be sure to best find out if this could help me if I want to get the internet into my own thingy that I should have to help, and then I welcome it to explain to someone the kids, but I look at the things that they have, concept, and how to avoid it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (camera clicks) (sighs) (camera clicks) (camera clicks) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) Silence >> It's going to be nice.silencesilence and the seeding test. I never tried to receive a test. If you're letting it, that's not called a testing. It's in the California questionnaire where you can write an example video. The key thing is that the therapists and psyched them, used to select (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) So, let's leave an out of wish and to the points next section as well, in the description of the lives. Silence Silence I'll save it if it's zero-phase source. I'll save it if it's zero-phase source. I don't know if I can do it. It's always a still deep, moving part. Silence >> I'll answer that, anyway, next. Because that's up to you. I'm waiting for some hope in action for your ads, and your ads.silence (sniffing) I'm trying to be a new order, try to put me in. I have to choose a set, name, and the person. I'm trying to be a new order, try to put me in. So.silencesilenceclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickMusicMusicsilencesighssilencesilence Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence So, this one is missing, but this one is missing, but this one is missing, so, it's Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) and (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detectedsilencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark I don't actually really need to... What?click, click, clickclick, click, click, click (door slams) (door slams) (sighs) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE And there's a file won't be in the sitting. There is a white link. Yeah, that's it.inaudibledoor slamsdoor slamsdoor slamsdoor slamsdoor slamsdoor slams I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry All today tonight, this was something I called a "smarty foot". Thank you for watching.INAUDIBLESOUNDINAUDIBLE in the next minute. It doesn't have to stay all the way to there. Thank you very much.Music The now time must come soon. food to go to now, who, where, please, politician, communist, sushi, where, politics, where, anything bad is from you know, real, real, reach out to me now. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence >> Up, so on.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilence Vikram, I just don't do this once.sighsINAUDIBLE Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause >> In a certain way. Pause Pause I'm going to add another one and then we've been out in this company and still asking you all to go to the mess to do this in the same hotel room.inaudible And then top result. That's the dorm towards the dorm towards. Oh, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEsilence So that's all for now, guys, and I'll be right back in the scene. >> Excellent. >> What? >>INAUDIBLE level digit on 20 years, I guarantee that once. I don't know if you can get over this enough, still less losing that, do you want me to find out? I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't know if I can get over this enough, still less losing that, do you want me to find out? I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, we've done nailism, coming up titles, let's do it with the peat also. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence >> You don't have to impose me so that. There is a-- Silence Silence Background noise >> What else? I don't know what I can do now, yep. So, that's it, that's it, that's it. Thank you for watching. Okay, so I'll go back to the next one. I'll see you in the next one. I won't begin in there just I just You You You You You You You You It says, "Set you may have that dash to go away to the next person."PantingINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> Yeah, it's a lot of stuff. Next one. Okay, let's try that. Okay, let's try that. Okay, let's try that. Okay, let's try that. Okay, let's try that. Okay, let's try that. Okay, let's try that. Okay, let's try that. Okay, let's try that.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Silence I'm going to put it up a little bit. Thank you for watching. and I'm going to talk a bit to the back of the chair. What are you doing? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on?no speech detected That's fine. You'll select the code that you had in your old, and then you'll get some of the code. The man was like...SighSighsilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence So it said that it might have been answered. >>INAUDIBLE Silence >> Now that I've worked it. Silencesilence (door slams)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Silence Silence (sniffing) Oops. Oops. (sniffing) (sniffing) Okay, then let's fix this. We'll now have to accomplish the collider. So... ...got a new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new... ...new...no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected you you >> Welcome. >>INAUDIBLE I don't know what's all of this. I don't know what's all of this. I don't know what's all of this. I don't know what's all of this.INAUDIBLE Oops.MUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing)inaudiblepausepausepausepausepausepausepausepausepausepausepauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to like to rush this, I'm going to. So. So. So.CLICKMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesniffingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Okay, you saw the kid, a super boneless guy coming in there, and that's the fish we know, and I think. Just following the wall and the wall is blocking the wall, but it's not good enough. Well, now I'll follow up some sandals, just to speak to them about it. About this. Howlers, howlers, howlers, and howlers. I'm going to have a nice, um, um, Harry, really. Oh, there it is. Come on. Thank you. Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (snaps fingers) Yep, you know. I'm your boss. (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers)silencesilence I want to take a look at the Navy F's.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilenceclicksilencesilenceclicksilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oh, okay. Do this. I'm gonna shake that laptop. You just gotta say, you get to be nice. You get to be rough. You're on my line. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause It's you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You're all late, you're all out of time. Six months, more than a year. Come on, people. Two of us eat a stop, pull your eyes. Now! (clicks) (paper rustling) Make way for people who are more responsible, who won't take up responsibility. That's just an ordinary game with where we get what's valid. Don't have a lot of commitment. The results. The results. The results. The results. The results.SIGHSCLICKSinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Come on, let me hear that platter. That's the complaining of it all I do. Oh, that's also not good enough. But guys, when you're always... I guess. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting)silence It can be so much better. So much. Don't just piece. We accept those, yeah, slides. Okay, come on, sit together and do a bad thing. Okay, come on. Okay, come on. Anybody any other questions or doubts? Let me know if there is a user or an English person. Go away, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you, I shall let you (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audioinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Okay, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I can't really get enough of you to smell it like you can. I can't stop doing it. theMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilence This is mine. Yeah, I find it. It's that. Yeah, let's do it. All right, tap 50.Music (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) I'll take the urchins in the next film up. I'll leave them for talks. I'll leave all my events on busy. Film up for us.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence I don't know if I'm going to make my decision or not, but I'll have to do it. I'll have to do it. Turn the ball so high. Turn the ball so high. Turn the ball so high. Turn the ball so high. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) We just shut up. I don't charge. You're no longer in charge. You never were in charge. Get out. I'll kill you. I'll kill you. I'll kill you. I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it, I love itno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Press on, at least all the cables. Press on, at least all the cables. Press on, at least all the cables. Press on, at least all the cables. (footsteps tapping) (footsteps tapping) (footsteps tapping) (footsteps tapping) (footsteps tapping) (footsteps tapping) If you sure things are going to continue to go your way, then what? If you have a little doubt, this might be the turning point in this. Okay. If you're malicious and you are a little bit of doubts that this is a turning point or be going to a turning point in history, make sure you feel that for you. Don't do it too quickly, pull that, push you into whatever, pause. What's the right thing to do for you? Okay, we're all set. Okay, we're all set. Okay, we're all set. Okay, we're all set. Okay, we're all set. Okay, we're all set. Okay, we're all set. Okay, we're all set.MUSICCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK Can we have a T1 needs to scale back in it? Is that going to be this market for sure?Sighs (soft music) (sighs) (chuckles) (speaking in foreign language) (soft music) (knocking on door) I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing with all these things. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing with all these things with all these things. (coughing) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Probably to X1. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Cool. (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in a foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Tantantant. Go, go, go, go. Go. Go. Go. Go.silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Okay, let's do even more than that, just. Let's do even more than that, just. Okay, let's do even more than that, just. Silence SilenceSOUND Let me shout to me in the real world right now, nothing the morning right now, or I will commit suicide or try to, really. I will kill myself tonight, still. That's a competition. Come on, be the first.silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLE Silence Silence New upstairs, there's an ambulance, there's an ambulance, there's an ambulance, there's an ambulance.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Pause Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKING Silence Thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much (clicking) (clicking) - How many do you need to keep? So please call me, call me right now. (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) Mission on the unit.SOUNDsilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilence Hmmsilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)INAUDIBLE Pause Pausesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Come on, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come out of here, come (sniffing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceMUSICCLICKSighsSighsSighsSighs on the TV. I can't believe it's over there. I'm gonna go to pay. Let's swap this. Well, my hair's over nice. I don't even know how to do that. That's nice. Come on. So, it feels like I'm going to eat you, eh? (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) of old, old cult, eh?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence >>inaudible Thank you.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilenceno audiono audiono audioMusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Well, so I don't mess with the ends of it. Thanks for watching. Take good care of Daniels. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. I need to reload you at this xp 1,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5,5, I don't know how to do it. It's my guess. I don't know how to do it.silenceclickingsilencesilence If you should share a shaft on the boat, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, Okay, let's get this in. Oh, perfect. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING Yes. So, so, so, so. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so You're off at any last of course. Thank you for your time. you you Oh, I'm forgetting to say. I'm forgetting to say. I'm forgetting to say. I'm forgetting to say. I'm forgetting to say. I'm forgetting to say. I'm forgetting to say. I'm forgetting to say. I'm forgetting to say. I'm forgetting to say. I'm forgetting to say. Silence Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence I like to know this, I've never done this before, you know what I'm gonna have to do to do this. I'm keeping getting, no, this is going to be the only time I've ever met a list. So, I'm not going to play with them, so I just want to play with them for the first time. I'm not going to play with people, but I can play with them. I can play with them, but I can't play with them. I want to play with them, and then I'll put them all into the ears.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'll be a bit faster when I'm doing that. If I don't film, all of this will work. For what it's like.ClickClick (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (sighs) All didn't get it, it's just have to heal all those pulses. (clanking) (clanking) (clanking) (clanking) (clanking) (clanking) (clanking) (clanking) (clanking) (clanking) (clanking)INAUDIBLE What is this? What is this? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. Okay. Okay, and as we, when the news go down, then all my episodes, I come to my eats. The rest is in your tent.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (door slams) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) SilenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah.no speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Oh, that's epic, so I thought I'd wanna watch it. Ah, would you tell them? Yeah, that's epic. Let's see how it turns.silenceinaudible That's a close-up. I'll call the one to start. I'm not sure if it works. (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) - Here you go. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) What do you feel so sorry for me? What happened to you? Digash! (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) - We're playing that with the middle guard. We're playing locked. We can tell. We're not playing that far though. The longest. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence You know what any of these slabs are, they're a ghouls and dots and it's a yes-cloth.XBOX SOUND Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic So, let's get started.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) Excellent, oh, of course. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audio I'll lift it next.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilenceINAUDIBLE (sniffing sound) Whoa. (sniffing)silencesilencesilence (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.Clears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throat (keyboard clicking)silencesilence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencespeaking in foreign language We're going to pick some. I should put it towards... No. I don't know how these are going to grow a little bit of it, but I don't know what it is. It's something else I think, but I don't know how to do it. Oh, I still have this issue. That's a good, complete model, I love it. Doing my teeth, I love the work of... Well, that's... I'll see you later, let's do the rules. I'll see you later, people. I love the new one. I love the new one. I love the new one. I love the new one. >> Solutions, no bullshit, and victim yours, you'll use a stock play we need for corresponding to the public. to your bullshit. for a subordinate of the... ...bending.Clock clicksClock clickssighscoughscoughscoughscoughscoughscoughs Silence Silence I don't think it'll do so, she's gonna need a way of...sighssighs I don't know if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you, but I'm not sure if I can pass it to you I'll just let it go in though. I'll just let it go in. I'll just let it go in. I'll just let it go in. I'll just let it go in. I'll just let it go in. I'll just let it go in. I'll just let it go in. I'll just let it go in. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't think it's actually taking part of the brand name. Can't wait until I see it on the table.MusicMusic and and Yeah, I'll just make the middle up and down, and then the final six.silencesighsinaudibleinaudible I'm going to give you a little bit of a victory now. Thank you very, very much. You Thank you very, very much. Silence Here's an income bill, the amount of savings enough. People don't play well with it. Here's for you and I have to pay attention. I've put up some of it. Thank you. (sniffing) We do a little bit of best on the indicator for us now, for us very incredible. I don't know what we're supposed to start with, I don't know if we're going to be able to do anything.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (sniffing) (dramatic music) (speaking in foreign language) I think we need all of us a bit of sorry that we didn't do it so I think it's a bit of a waste of time.MUSICinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> Any other thing that I'm giving you a five? Five? The barrier costs it's real people dying real, or why do you do this? That's a minute. Okay, that's not what I'm doing.silence Good job, boss. Thank you very much. best.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsINAUDIBLESOUND Silence All right. Silence I don't know how it goes. I don't know how it goes. I don't know how it goes. I don't know how it goes. I'm going to keep it up. I'm going to take a look at it. It's going to be nice. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) the .INAUDIBLE Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Next. We're going to lose. (sniffing) - 'Cause I thought that was a beauty bonus. Well, next. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Always. I told you. (speaking in foreign language) That is welcome. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) The rest of them... I'll tell you about all the other apps. There's all the other apps, I'm gonna show you guys. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Yes. I'm going to sit down and listen. I'm going to sit down and listen. >> Well, I'll talk to you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, nosilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Okay, but today So you looked into it, and you found some unfinished fluffy ideas, putting in the set of principles on the physics parts, to understand the risks that I see today. Then I get the session for this. As long as it's... ...the 8th episode. ...the 8th episode. ...the 8th episode. ...the 8th episode. Yeah, there's a machine, sorry, just need you on it, what have I seen? of the upper cells to see the near and near the root. I have asked you all these things.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Hey, that's the person. Thank you for watching. You Thank you. Silence >>Inaudible Thank you very much for your time, and I will see you in the next video. That's just the moment of all of it, that's what she has, that's it, that's it, that's it. That's it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible That's so sure all of the effects I get, and also, let me see this. Yo, sorry. Let's do this. If you need any sort of brush off, take the doughy together, the dough will also must be gathered. Do wisdom to use it properly, without the theory, without the applications that I was. and also an every unit on the planet knows to be how to deal with very powerful tools. Collectivism. To help, I need that. Not necessarily during this. So use something, be real by being in it. The first period of five years, and I call it a messy plan, and tend to get people to purge so that people can read again, to let them build a big success together, and now we go apart again, like fix five years later. Something really big. to create the all-have-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to- and come to you to work together and build up all the levels of coverage. But now, hey! Are you happy to rip this off now or what is this? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Well, I'm watching if you want to do climate change without me paying for a carbon that's Watch us cover them, you'll need to clean out of them. I've been in the loss of a years, so every five years minus there's, sometimes, even in the audience. I don't know if the years minus there's the perfect. That's more of a shame. Okay, well about it now. (drill whirring) Yeah, but that's you, you're not good enough. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Silence SilenceBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGING Silence Silence If I can, if I have got some, become a soul mate, also I don't think so, that's just I'm gonna take a look. I'm pretty best at this. What do you think you want to place a box? So from that I attempted to place a box right. I don't. I don't. You I don't. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Thank you.no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Yeah.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence There's don't you have the don'ts from the old enough.silencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesighssilencesilencesilence Thank you. - Excuse me. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No.SilenceSilenceinaudible Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very, thank you very, very much for your time, thank you very, very much for your time, thank you very, very much for your time, thank you very, very, very much for your time, thank you very, very, very much for your time, thank you very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very We're going to have a little more time to cut some to fill our shirt. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* Oh, it's all too nice. It's not too nice, but it looks like it. Come on. Come on, let's go. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to kick out again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again.PausePausePausePause (sniffing) And this particular... As normal, I'm going to...inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (coughing) Come on. We're going to mess with Biccia here. Tutta is armed. I have a lot of McDonald's for me, I have a lot of McDonald's for me, I have a lot of McDonald's for me, I have a lot of McDonald's for me, I have a lot of McDonald's for me, I have You don't have to say no to it. So, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I'll put this one on the screen, I (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Maybe the twist I should think you're a little bit jealous of the movie. It's time to... I'm gonna consent for it, but go, go, go, go. I'll do you all your acts. I'll do you all your acts.silencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause There he is. (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's it, either. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) but you'll still pretend that I'm not feeling well. What? What? It's actually just... I don't need to... I don't need to write it. I'll give you a few more questions.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic We're going to do a little bit of that in the next tunnel around, but as you might seeinaudible What do you make this thing, what do you... No. Just a mouse, I'm just going to have a little bit of... (slap) (thud)silencesilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilence (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yeah, it's a self-proved work. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, I'm going to get out of here and see what I can do with it. I'll just do the same, don't let the music go to close. I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tell you in a minute, I'll tellMUSIC I'm going to attack a little bit more, just a little bit more, just a little bit more I don't know if there's any left or right. Silence Silence Silence Inaudible RemarksilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSOUND >> Let's go. >>INAUDIBLE Here they are, they come, these are the cables, this ones. You may have one isn't it? What's this one? (clicking)silencesilencesniffing Pause On your left hand door. for the very good change of the more easy or call it criticise. So, let's see.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Yeah. Yeah.silence It just told me that they want to contact my lawyer. You're longers, day-lowers, to propose a settlement of half a million dollars. That was sort of the damage recommendation that we did for a month. for going for a trial. I'm not sure if they really mean this. I think they just don't stop for time and not get me to kill myself before. Actually they are at least not today. Anyway, it would be really good news and I will actually buy me and them. the subart times to uh to figure things out so hopefully there's some news at the moment the link to the dance, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, what's the hurry today, connected hands today or today when say June 12th 8/12 am due to have your permission to make a court, so that it was a good period.