[00:00:20.05] OneOdio FM1:	(mimicking the sound of the gun) (coughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (coughs) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So, what was your name, my son, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name, what was your name I don't know if I will direct us over the target soon, but in the most. Oh, the TMSR. There's the most national board. (door slams) (door slams) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Is there a new school? I don't know, I don't know. Take schools. I'll tell you all about this one. Silence Thank you.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Now that I can just connect them with your own, you will know you will. You know those type of stuff? I don't see any. You have to let your power on the package. (knocking on door) Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLE Silence Silence I don't know if you want to see any of the other videos, but I'll see you in the next video. Thank you for watching. I'm going to put it in the box for you to see if I can do it. I'm going to put it in the box for you to see if I can do it. I'm going to put it in the box for you to see if I can do it. I'm going to put it in the box for you to see if I can do it. I'm not cutting this thing. The sauce is already cut into pieces. Oh, you f***. You must. (knocking on door) We have a lot of buzzer, it's not really perfect, and I'll sneak back and mark it or to make a new color to the end of the game. So make sure you have a piece of tape on the other side of the tape. So make sure you have a little bit of tape on the other side. I'm gonna have to go to some Korean blog. I'm gonna have to go to some post-mortem. (door slams)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to show you some of the things that I'm going to show you in the next video. I'm going to show you some of the things that I'm going to show you in the next video. I'm going to show you some of the things that I'm going to show you in the next video.silencesilenceMusicMusic (knocking on door)MusicMusic Let's put the both. Thanks for watching.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause And, um, let's see what we can do.Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking I think it's in 16 years to do it. It was a hangout. Yeah, the house was a hangout. It's a hangout. I don't know. I think I'll do it. I'm not taking a care of it. I'm just taking a care of it. I don't know what I'm doing right now. I'm going to go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to the bathroom and then I'll go to I'm going to go to the bathroom and tell you what I'm doing right now.no audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence >> Yeah, I think I'm going to have to move. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm still not really going to fall on it. I'm going to do a little bit of the purpose of what we're going to do in the next video, and then we can't really do that. I'm going to do a little bit of the purpose of what we're going to do in the next video. Now, I'm going to close on here now, so I'm going to put this in a little bit of theSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'm going to do a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bitINAUDIBLE I'm just supposed to do it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. SilenceINAUDIBLEMusicMusic You can use it as an X. You know that I've not shaked all on this bunch. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) you You You You You You You You YouINAUDIBLEinaudible If you know how to experiment, use IIs, listen about this on the web. You add this. You don't see me still. Okay, I'll go to the other side. Not the system, it's a little mix of all of the vision that's same-wise.no audioinaudible I don't know. Come on. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know if I can read any audio or something. I don't know, but this is not the first time I've ever seen a video. I don't know if I can read it or not. I don't know if I can read it or not.silencespeaking in foreign languagesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) - I'm here as well, not here, isn't it? (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Just block this, and then you can leave it to us, and then you will enter the new one. So you can just block this, and then you will enter the new one, and then you will enter the new one, and then you will enter the new one. But as in the bill, that's a normal sign for all those crouching groups. In my ethnic virtualist, I'm just all over the communities. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected I'm going to get my ass, my legal name is Robert, I'm with the show, I'm dead and I'm to show you what's going on here, and that's the last thing.silence Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You'll meet me more than anyone else. I need to talk to you. I'm talking to everybody in the world, especially the user technicalist. These people, right now, and we're still not setting it to the other side of the dashboard. Silence Yeah, yeah, that's probably the least thing. Yeah, that's a lot of people.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence >> Yeah, it's hot here, okay, there, man. >> Yeah, it's solid, but.silencesilence You could disassume this to assing, but I'm not on the regular room.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence I do not need to use it too much, I do not need to use it too much, I do not need to use it too much, I do not need to use it too much, I do not need to use it too much, I do notno audio Silence Silence I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can't really do that, I can Okay, now I'm going to save up, I'm going to show you how I'm doing. Okay, now I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save up, I'm going to save upsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Oh, no, I'm kidding, leave the shield. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarksilencesniffing Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silencesilence I'm just going to start with your sound. (door slams)silencesilence Silence Then you have to see this big table element next to me.PausePause I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can't get out of here, I can'tsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to cut out some of the small balls. I'm going to cut out some of the small balls.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence SilenceBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringing You know that I need a stir. Pretty good, dude. Well, as you all know, it's probably up there. Yeah, maybe I'll pick. I can't do anything to help. I think that we have to pop to this. All sort of men's make it to that room.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Yeah, I'm telling you. (keyboard clicking) We'll show you now. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time.no speech detected Silence Silence It's not okay. It's not okay. It's just some people looking at this. What do you want to see right now?silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detected Silence Silence (tires screeching)silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Excuse me. Excuse me.silencesilence Silence SilenceMUSIC Silence Silence (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Thank you for watching. I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, I'm going I'm not sure if it thinks that I don't know if it's possible for me to think of it.silencesilencesilence I think it's really sad. I just said it's right. I'm gonna use this stop still in the right window. I'm still seems to be around me. Thanks. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. I'm just going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm Silence Silence All I have is a body that's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not the same as the other body, but it's not thePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence So, the problem is that we don't know how to count the numbers, not what we are going to do. I'm going to do a little bit of the audio, so I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself. I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm not going to be able to do it myself, I'm going to do a little bit of the audio, so I'm not going to be able to do it myself, so I'm not going to be able to do it myself. So I have a lot of things to do with the app section, so I don't have to go to the website. I don't really have to go to the website. I have to go to the website, to see if I can do it. I don't really have to go to the website, to see if I can do it. I don't have to go to the website, to see if I can do it. I don't really have to go to the website, to see if I can do it. There's a lot of things to be able to find in my life to see, to see how good it is for me, to be able to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to see how good it is for me, to So, I'm going to have to add the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of It's not my thing, it's not because of the Internet. It's impossible to find it. It's not possible. So the problem is that we have a trick that we can't find. (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) No, I'll keep on uploading the video. I'm gonna explain this now. Now I'll just press this one up. It's a new element. It's like a little trick. The other one up. So, I'll be the magician. I'm gonna put the number down. I'm gonna put the switch on. I'm gonna put the switch on. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Let's go to the house. Yeah, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language the the I don't want to be afraid of the time it's time to look at it now.MusicMusic I'm going to start with motion update.silencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) >>INAUDIBLE Silence Let me do what I can to make here too, but I'm going to go on to all of them. I don't know what's going on. No, please. Just not... yeah. I'm sorry. (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) PausesilencesilencesilencesilenceCLEARS THROAT Silence Silence I'm going to close it up and I'm going to close it up and I'm going to close it up and Music Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) I can still not go out there, um, it's all like hell, it is.silencesilenceMusicMusicMusic Thanks for watching. you you Thanks for watching.MUSICsilence Silence Music Music I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know she was there, but I know (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (laughing)MusicMusic ♪ Go on, I want to keep me hooked ♪ ♪ My pretty face is a piece of me ♪ ♪ Go on, I want to keep me hooked ♪ ♪ Go on, I want to keep me hooked ♪ ♪ Go on, I want to keep me hooked ♪ Music Music ♪ And I'm tired of you. ♪ ♪ I'm tired of you. ♪ ♪ I'm tired of you. ♪ ♪ I'm tired of you. ♪ ♪ I'm tired of you. ♪ ♪ I'm tired of you. ♪ ♪ I'm tired of you. ♪ ♪ I'm tired of you. ♪ ♪ I'm tired of you. ♪ Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Inaudible Remark (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) Silence Silence Silence Pause Thank you. Silence >> He was a larger than life. He's a prince and a adult, not more separated, but the voice of each other, 1990, 90, 90, the final. Music Inaudible Remark ♪ I'll tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, Music Music Music MusicMusic Music MusicMusic All right. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Silence Inaudible Remark ♪ And I'll sing the song ♪ ♪ Next to the beat ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Next to the beat ♪ ♪ I'll sing the song ♪ ♪ Next to the beat ♪ ♪ And I'll sing the song ♪ Music Pause Inaudible Remark Music Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Music Either the Veeze Vroegraven and Wok Savina. I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy, I don't know why they are so happy (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ It's just a tiny little insect ♪ ♪ Oh, my heart sees that it's a human being ♪ ♪ He knows how to find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find a way to live and find ♪ Oh, my heart sees that it's a human being ♪MusicMUSICMUSICMusicMUSICMUSIC Music You've been a good old house, you're in cheeseburgers, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) for rock and metal, and it's got a lot of wood, and it's got a lot of wood. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and I'll check out your students and I'll tell you about them. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to this, uh, optimism in, to be named, to some easily-grott-nate-few, with your other mitch-few, see, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to if you want to meet your face into the frit-racken-nate-few. Music Silence Music Music What's that built on? A little analogy.Music Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music ♪ You're so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so soft, I'm so (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) and the whole of the situation is with the team and the team. The year before the year, we were going to have a new, new, new band. We were going to have a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a new band, a The year before the year before the year, we were going to have a new band. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Hey, in the best thing to last, we were born and are not allowed to be in the best of the world, and all the labelled together, so as to say, a bit more of a day. I can't hold it to the ground to say, "I can't find time to live, I can't hold it." I thought I'd be able to write it down, but I didn't think so. ♪ See, I love you too ♪ ♪ Pick up the dry moment, fly my baby ♪ ♪ Go, my baby ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la ♪ Pick up the dry moment, fly my baby ♪ Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC MusicMUSIC (laughing)MusicMusic Music MusicMUSICMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) is not simple, you act as the next, any unit in the nation. So, I would like to thank you all for your attention, and I would like to thank you all for your attention, and I would like to thank you all for your attention, and I would like to thank you all for your attention, and I would like to thank you all for your attention, and I would like to thank you all for your attention, and I would like to thank you all for your attention, and I would like to thank you all for your attention, and I would like to thank you all for your attention, and I would like to thank you all for your attention, and I would like to thank you all for your attention.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It is you, show!MUSIC ♪ To the power of the human world ♪ ♪ To the power of the human world ♪ ♪ To the power of the human world ♪ ♪ To the power of the human world ♪ ♪ To the power of the human world ♪ ♪ To the power of the human world ♪ ♪ To the power of the human world ♪ ♪ She said, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Music Silence (indistinct chatter) Background Sounds Background Sounds ♪ I'll run my heart, I'll stay by your side ♪ ♪ I'll run my beating heart, I'll run my beating heart ♪ ♪ I'll run my beating heart, I'll run my beating heart ♪ ♪ I'll run my beating heart, I'll run my beating heart ♪ Silence Silence Music >> I'm 264 my love, 264 my love, let's go to the end. MusicMusic Music Music MusicMusicMusic Music Inaudible Remarkspeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language I'm gonna hit the click here now that all of the video's going to be on set. The young people and the young people, in the international community, are very good. We also know a gigantic number of people from all over the world. A number of people who have to go to the hospital for a year and a half, and they have to go to the hospital for a day or two. But we have a lot of people who are so much like Simon and Boris Boff, and we have a lot of people who have to go to the hospital for a day or two. and all that I pray for this, it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, and I pray that it will sound insulting, Pause Pause Silence Singing in foreign languageMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic the way they sound good and the way they sound good and the way they sound good and they feel good so today we'll be doing a little bit of this with the component of the fugitive here in the system with the sounds you have to hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, hear it, component of the V-A-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L-A-N-S-M-E-D-L- Music Music Music Music Pause Pause Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you, and, uh, the job that we do is to ask the general manager of the sort of containers, the data, or the tools, or the tools that we do, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we do, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and that we understand it, and (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't really like the ashes. It's like, "What do you want?"Music ♪ When you cheer, you don't know me, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, ♪ Big, big, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, big flip, bigMusicMusic ♪ I just wanna be a poppin' poppin' poppin' poppin' poppin' ♪ ♪ I just wanna be a poppin' poppin' poppin' poppin' ♪ ♪ I just wanna be a poppin' poppin' poppin' poppin' ♪ ♪ I just wanna be a poppin' ♪ ♪ And let's do it ♪ ♪ Share that with me ♪ ♪ And let's do it ♪ ♪ And let's do it ♪ ♪ Share that with me ♪ ♪ And let's do it ♪ ♪ And let's do it ♪ ♪ And let's do it ♪ ♪ And let's do it ♪ ♪ And let's do it ♪ ♪ Share that with me ♪MUSIC (drumming) MusicMUSICMUSIC Music Music MusicMUSIC Music Music Music Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.INAUDIBLE (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Yeah, I'm just a poison in my town ♪MUSIC (laughing) I'll sing this song. I tune in with the band. Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy. I don't know, I don't know. That's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not the order, it's not (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Inaudible Remark >> Where you're going? >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLENOISEinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusic I can't handle a blind partner, I just need to speed up my eyes.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'mno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't need to own that one. I don't need to own that one. I don't need to own that one. I don't need to own that one. I don't need to own that one. I don't need to own that one. I don't need to own that one. I don't need to own that one. I don't need to own that one. and the beginning of the video. Silence Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE I'm going to put it on the piano. I'll stick here now.INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence It's a tampon.silence Don't look soMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilence turn on some more in it, I guess. The other thing is that I'm a new eater, yes. Yeah, I am. Yeah, I am a bug. What's that? (claps) (claps) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing sound) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence >> Yeah, it's a pretty nice.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (mimics clicking sound) (mimics clicking sound) (mimics clicking sound) (mimics clicking sound) (mimics clicking sound) (mimics clicking sound) (mimics clicking sound) (mimics clicking sound) (mimics clicking sound) be prepared to do multi-currenting. I have the chip sounds, sounds like so. Oh, if you want me to be able to manage this, then I'm not going to be able to do it. I love it.MUSICINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECOUGH Oh, come on. Come on, say it.silencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (laughing) (clicking) Come on.MUSIC (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (clears throat) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilenceMUSICINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) Silence Silence So, it's down to that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.no speech detected Silence Silence So, this is the first one here, this is the first one here, this is the first one here, this is the first one here. So, this is the first one here, this is the first one here, this is the first one here, this is the first one here, this is the first one here, this is the first one here, (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected >>INAUDIBLE I'll just come. Really. Really. I'll just come. I'll just come. I'll just come. I'll just come. I'll just come. I'll just come. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected and then I'm going to remove it. I'm going to remove it. I'm going to press on the other one, and press, press, press. Turn it over. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audio and (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudible I'll cut the room.SilenceSilence (laughs) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)no audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silenceno audiosilence Oh my.silencesilencesilence Silence SilenceSOUNDINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)MusicMusicMusicMusic So Hmm Oh (speaking in foreign language) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Writing on Board Writing on Board (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Background Sounds Background Sounds (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)NOISENOISENOISE Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (knocking on door) Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence I'm a thank you to all of us. I'm going to pick another one of those, and I'm going to turn it down, and I'm going to turn it down, and I'm going to turn it down, and I'm going to turn it down, and I'm going to turn it down, and I'm going to turn it down, and I'm going to turn it down.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, I'm going to try out a little bit more, so I'm going to try out a little bit more. Thanks. Silence It's fine, it's my service and I'm doing it on my own. I'm almost sitting down here in the mesh. I'm doing my back move, which I had. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. Oh, that's awesome. That's awesome. I'll see you in the next video.no audiono audiono audio So the roof can hold, but my ankle is so zoned. Okay, and I count them all for a few, a little bit more. You can see my face. You can see my face. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE That's all, well that's it. Send me your card. I need to follow that production line. Fighting and playing. Good to go now, yeah. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence the . Silencesilencesilence Oh, yes, I'm seeing it. What is it? Oh, it's coming to us.no speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound)INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I don't know if I can do it well in the office. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if I have a punch in the cards, no money, no money, no money, no money, I'm being unable to help me, being unable to tell to me anything about the perfect mind control. I mean, it was so big that I sensed my... 'cause I remember this. It's my audience.silence Silence Silence I'm sorry, but go with it to see whatever you have there are, not sort of. You did not do, I feel that you did not do the necessary work to make sure, to really, really make sure you cannot just say no here, it is not up to you, the risks to great. This is just resenting my carelessness to just focus. Check with Dising every you know, I don't know. I feel almost like I'm trying to, you know. I feel like I'm trying to, you know. I feel like I'm trying to, you know. I feel like I'm trying to, you know. I feel like I'm trying to, you know. I feel like I'm trying to, you know. I feel like I'm trying to, you know.silence You better not call him. I'm going to put this one down. The worst sound, but take it a hold, misuse-wimp. We'll see you in the next video. Thank you. You You You You You You You YouINAUDIBLE Yeah, that's just it. I had to apologize, I had to connect to it and I had no intentions, I don't know, could have probably go out with this.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Silencesilencesilence The new mention that the path I'll put it put. SilenceSIGHSsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Ah, please, please, come on. Come on, sir. Come on, sir. Come on, sir. Come on, sir. Come on, sir. Come on, sir. Come on, sir. Come on, sir.MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Silence Silence SilenceMUSIC >>INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'd be curious if you had a lovely thing. I'm going to do a little bit more information on it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) >> Talk more on this again. Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Silence SilenceNOISEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) >> Do you have a sign when you're saying, do you think there's a sign if you want to speak? but then it's here in this time so I'm not going to take this one, the same one.silence Silence I'm going to do it. All right. All right. All right. All right.INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Yeah, I got this. Got this. I'm not going on that. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'll solve a gas machine with a gas machine. I'll solve a gas machine with a gas machine with a gas machine. Silence Silence Voice. Stop you. Oh, he stops. Now. But. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence come out. What do you think I thought I could get out of the way? I thought I could get out of the way, but I thought I could get out of the way. You're sorry if you're... ...use that stuff. See you on your own. I bet you're not. Mother is the new... ...new velvet eyes. Which... ...clean off.no speech detectedno speech detected Well, it's just a corner that you can, you need me to your name, I don't know if it's... ...much of a care, I'm just not really care, I'm just... ...it's just a matter of time. Okay.silence I'm sorry I didn't do it. I'm sorry I didn't do it. You I'm sorry I didn't do it. Silence Silence Oh, this is a drink of this. I'm just going to drink it because you want this. Very good, and then you have Ted S.V.S.T.A.T, and so I'll show you all of them, and I'll make sure to do that. Ted, you have to do all of them.MusicMusicMusicMusic Oh, so we're finished, and after a while, I'm done, and now I can go for a while now. >> I don't know what you're doing.COUGH >> Let's see if I can get it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to make a video about it. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I don't need to stress it, I'm just going to kill her now, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,no audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thank you very much. I'll see you in the next video. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. So, I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. So, I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry The epic calling in the box, man, shall we? Yeah, let's do it. Then yeah, let's do it again. Let's do it again. Let's do it again. Let's do it again. Let's do it again.Music Let's see how it looks on the buttons.MusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. I want to do something that I just like to have a flash and click on that. Trish it in. I'll just come up with my planning address. Ah, the thing is completely new, the syntactic post-sense. Post-sense synthesizer, this is the... Not really hard to make, well, certainly anyone would make it. Not really. Okay. Okay. >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to wait and take it from me. I'm going to do a little bit of a cracker as well, but I'll do a little bit of a pass. I don't want to go any further, I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do a little bit more. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) Silence >>Inaudible Silence I'm going to have to wait for the start of the game. I'm going to have to wait for the start of the game. I'm going to have to wait for the start of the game.INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) What's it? I'm going to get a little bit more of that in the next video, so I'm going to get a little more of that in the next video, so I'm going to get a little bit more of that in the next video, so I'm going to get a little bit more of that in the next video, so I'm going to get a little bit Oh, take your own hand. to the move using the mouse in the end. The mouse will be able to move using the mouse in the end. The mouse will be able to move using the mouse in the end.MUSIC Silence (coughing)COUGH (coughing)MusicMusic (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)Music What is the name of the Doom? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? What are the other ones? I'm going to add a key here, I'm going to go to the text and the key, the key is where the text is. I'm going to show you the white paper on your website. I'm going to add a key here. I don't know what I'm doing. It's a problem, I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesilenceBuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzer I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it. Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Pause Pause Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.MUSIC Hmm, blah, blah, blah. blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence mm-hmm what am i gonna do? i'm black mock pock death you you Silence Silence Silence Okay. I'm going to use that one, let's just go to the ZIF. I have a little bit of solution and I'm going to do it. I understand also a bit nervous hearing from him. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I can't do it. You saw no reaction. Hmm. What a pick up. I'm going to do a little bit more of that. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know how to cast a ray of the set. I don't know the beginning of the trailer, but I think it was actually the first one. The things are a little bit old.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible No, I'm getting it. I don't know if you can see what I'm doing, but I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm doing. I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm doing. I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm doing. I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm doing. I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm doing. I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm doing. I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm doing. I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm doing. I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm doing. I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm doing. I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm I'm just going to try to see if I can see what I'm doing. I can't really feel like she's like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I I think that's the end of the video, thank you very much for watching, see you next time! I'm going to make a wish on the one on the left. That's a very serious thing. I'm seeing a lot of stuff, so I'm not spitting in a lot of things, so I'm not spitting at all and I'll see you soon, I'll come loose. (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) Silence Silence Let's get it out of here. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)SOUND and all the other things that I don't know about the other next you could even use it you you you (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sighing) (sighing) - What? (sighing) (sighing) Yeah!PausePauseno audio No, no, no.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (grunts)silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (click, click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (sniff) (click, click) (sighs) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICK Oh my god. (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What? Uh-huh. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Oh, yes.Coughing (laughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) Hmm. What's that? That's, uh... I'm not going to ask you anymore. No, no, no, no. I'm not going to ask you anymore. I'm not going to ask you anymore. I'm not going to ask you anymore. I'm not going to ask you anymore. I'm not going to ask you anymore. I'm not going to ask you anymore. I'm not going to ask you anymore. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking on door) Silence Silence (sniffing)silenceno audiono audio Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (speaking in foreign language) and all the rest of this, so there's a monkey to talk to face of things. Mm-hmm. You guys, just... Thank you very much, sirs. (door slams) (door slams) Pause PauseBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirping (keyboard clicking) - Awesome. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Ah. Um. Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (keyboard clicking) One more. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (sighs) (laughs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (coughing)silence It's a nine-hour-hour topical day with the piece of this. Alt-one, third-one.silence Silence Silence I'm going to use a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of So, I'm going to show you the rules of the world. You have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to watch the whole game, you have to I'm going to show you the rules of the world, and I'm going to show you the rules of the world, and I'm going to show you the rules of the world. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for listening to me, you're all right. Thanks for listening to me, you're all right. Thanks for listening to me, you're all right. That's it, this one, this one. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I don't care, more than very formalities just started from all these following. We don't need those pictures to pick out a phone to give you a call. If you tell me. get them down in your heads, then we will still not get any heads. This is not a protocol that could do all that thing. It's a future everything, I don't know. That should be over here. That should be over here. That should be over here. (sniffing) - I don't know if I want to ship out. (indistinct) (door slams)MUSICMUSICsilencesilence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Look, one of the ones. Pause Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll set up the other things. I'll see you on the set. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Silence Silence Silence You can do that in the last one, you can do that in the next one. You can do that in the next one, you can do that in the next one.no audio There's only a console. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I'll just see if I can get a I'll just open it I'll just open it all day I'll just see if it's on the micro I'll just open it all day I'll just open it all day I'll just open it all day I'll just see if it's on the micro I'll just open it all day I'll just open it all day I'll just open it all day There is no... ...totally no choice. We have to go to the other side, and then we will have to go to the other side. We will go to the other side. We have to go to the other side. We have to go to the other side. We have to go to the other side. We have to go to the other side. We have to go to the other side. We have to go to the other side. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry We are Dr. Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu, Otsu I'll pay to you on the small menu, so you don't have to call me in the most. I'll call you in the most. I'll pay to you on the small menu, so you don't have to call me in the most. (sighs)silencesilenceinaudible That's the key, and we're going to get tired. We're going to get tired of the key.clickclickclickclickclickclickclicksilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Let's see if we can move this.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno speech detected I don't know if they're going to come in.PausePauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to have to do all my stuff. I'm going to leave my old piece. I couldn't want to bring it in from the lab you share. I don't know if you know what I've done, but I'm still trying to play it now. I'm just trying to play it now, but I'm still trying to play it now. You have a restaurant and a lot of people. You see it, but I don't have to worry about it. It's a pretty good shot.silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll just put it in your bare hands if you do this. I'll just put it in your bare hands if you do this. I'll just put it in your bare hands if you do this.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible I'm going to be able to do a lot of things, just a little problem, just a little bit, not to even call a place for me. Oh, that's a nice one. Oh, that's a nice one. Oh, that's a nice one.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So I'm going to start. I'm just going to put on a little bit of streptis on the cardboard. A little bit of the wood, and then put it up, so I'll turn it around, and cut it, and put it in, please. There's a little bit of heat locked around. So I'll be right in the views, Mr. Nick, next time. The idea that you're going to be able to do something that you want to do. That's the way you're supposed to do it. That's the way I'm going to do it. I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, >> J.J., hello? Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) That's a mouse.Clock tickingClock tickingClock ticking We'll still have the memory. I have the memory. We'll still have the memory. We'll still have the memory. We'll still have the memory. We'll still have the memory.Clock tickingClock ticking Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) I don't know if you are interested in this video, but if you are interested in this video, please subscribe to my channel and press the bell icon to be notified when I upload a new video. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm going to turn it over. You can also get a positive idea of how you like it, and then you think it's a basic way to make it a semi-intuitive matrix. So then you think that we have a healthy, active, easy way to make it a semi-intuitive matrix, and that's the end of this video. I'll see you in the next video.MusicMusic Stop doing that for me. But I don't know how to say it, it's in the top. I don't know, I can always stop when I have to come in there. Of course, we are very close to the top. I don't know how to say it. So we see King and Klaa, one with a half in the upper eye. So we don't need more of that to be open. So we see King and Klaa, one with a half in the upper eye. I thought it was a little bit of a guitar I'm not sure if I'm gonna have to remember it I'm gonna have to remember it I'm gonna have to remember it I'm gonna have to remember it I'm gonna have to remember it I'm gonna have to remember it I'm gonna have to remember it I'm gonna have to remember it (keyboard clicking)silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next video. Hopefully you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Background noise Background noiseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) I'll see you on the next one.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm sorry to have to know that. I just need to name it a standard thing. Not so many of the other things I've been doing. I just need to name it a standard thing.MusicMusicMusic depending on what's the bar's name of the club. But we only notice a couple of them are getting hold of another concocted bar's name. So I'll take care of what's the usual and all night. (door slams) (door slams) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I'm now looking for a copy of it, so I'll look at the needy-latent-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done-done (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Lock it, lock it, lock it, that's your love, what are you doing? Thank you very much.silence I'm going to attach this, I'm going to use the other one after I'm all turned on. I'm going to attach this. I'm going to attach this, I'm going to attach this. I don't have to push this in the right hand and doing the whole number one. I'm not sure what I'm going to say, I'm going to lean on the left hand to start with the right hand. Thank you very much for your attention and I hope you enjoyed this video. I have no interest in being my, um, Bet you help, can you please tell the opium out of the car? I will not let you down in the middle of the night, so I'm going to leave you alone.Pause I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorrysighsinaudible I hope I will be able to concentrate on what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I eat and what I Tomorrow we will also have another update on the press issue, so we can do it with the two. Thank you for your time. I'm planning to take the theory away from that. I'm going to wash it around the software. I'm going to take that for the actions. In this case, I wish this was the right one. I'm going to remove it. I'm going to remove it first.inaudible I tried it, but I didn't. Just check it out. I'm going to hold it. Maybe it's... It's only a bit sobitis. No, it's not a bit painful. This is what I'm doing. So this is the sample unit, there's a little bit of unit between the two of them, there's a little bit of sample unit. That's it, let me just... (laughs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't want to box you all up for now. Check. I'm going to listen to the video chat. Not a problem, I'll see.silence We have the person who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island. We have the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to the island, who has the right to We have the person who has the right to the island. So I'm going to show you guys a little bit of the video. I'm going to show you guys a little bit of the video. I'm going to show you guys a little bit of the video. I'm going to show you guys a little bit of the video. I'm going to show you guys a little bit of the video. I'm going to show you guys a little bit of the video. I'm going to show you guys a little bit of the video. I'm going to show you guys a little bit of the video. I'm going to show you guys a little bit of the video. I'm going to show you guys a little bit of the video. I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm goingINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to explode you guys. I'm going to explode you guys. I'm going to explode you guys. I'm going to explode you guys. I'm going to explode you guys. I'm going to explode you guys. Pause Pause I'm going to put it on the other side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the other side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the other side of the screen. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That is not something that you have to try to do, but you have to try to understand that it is not that good. Swarge. Silence Silence I call it "Nitrika Medon", they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they call it "Police" and they I will be working on a small amount, except if you are extra full with the whole amount you will be able to use. Please help me, Imoans, and if all of you please help me was willing and able to help me. Thank you for watching. I don't know how to do it.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedMusicMusicMusic Pause Inaudible Remark Pausesilenceinaudibleinaudible You're still like a ton of people for a A-dolish news Tuna it in the chat To this And then the basically still like jump eight wordsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs patient's or the control, uh, the next, uh, let's get a little bit. Actually, I'm a little bit serious. I'm going to start the walls from where I'm going to start the walls from where I'm going to start the walls from where I'm going to start the walls from where I'm going to start the walls from where I'm going to start the walls from where I'm going to start the walls from where I'm going I'm going to do it. I'm going to have a turkey that I ever put on here. Pause Pause I don't know if you can see it, but it's a bit of a bad attitude. It's a bit of a bad attitude, but it's a bit of a bad attitude. It's a bit of a bad attitude, but it's a bit of a bad attitude. It's a bit of a bad attitude. It's a bit of a bad attitude. It's a bit of a bad attitude. It's a bit of a bad attitude. It's a bit of a bad attitude. It's a bit of a bad attitude. It's a bit of a bad attitude, and the same name bloops, so I didn't have the chance to follow them to the point where they're not. The cable in between the windows. Is there anything that got on there but that was? I don't know. I'm still very lonely. I'm still very lonely. SilenceINAUDIBLE Silence Silence PauseinaudibleSilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Well, as you mean, another tick-to-liplates, and this is for overall... (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I just want to give you an opinion of invasion or something. I just want to give you an opinion of invasion or something. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) the That's it, the crew is over there, isn't it? You always only need to get back to your side. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedMusicMusic I don't want to get anything, I'll worry I'm stressed about it, but I... Ah, I actually just ran around in a little bit of a hospital, but... Up and then up to nine. x.com.r. change the s.d.e.b. yeah, it's the fondness in the letters and r.b.d.r. punt.nets. so e-mail for your soil and twitter about it. That's my new military squad, and then into the form of an angle. Tada! Ting, ting, da da!clickingsniffingsniffingsniffing (keyboard clicking)