[00:00:01.02] OneOdio FM1:	Hello! Hello! Hello! Just to let you know, the computer was switched off. Right now with this May 16, 16, 38 hours and so it was on recording for all of the... ...making the FUSE, but switched, so I had to turn them back on, so now I'm turning them back on. Off for a day or two. They should have been looking for a missed. It's time regarding 6, the day is the 16 to the main, the time is 16 hours so yeah.LAUGH There are quite a bit of go-cups, so the wash-shops are for eight. At least for the key point. That's a good thing to be being honest.no audio The rest of the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge is getting smarter, but the knowledge I'm going to have to clean my lab in a little bit and then I'll just tap on voices, and I'm going to voice it out. Another place in my lab.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> So much for now. (keyboard clicking) That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silence Pause Pause Music Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (clicking) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Pause Pause Pause Pause PauseNOISENOISENOISE PauseMusicinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence >> It's here.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Background noise Background noise Background noise I think I'll pull out both. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, it will be very simple, but I'm going to have to worry about this.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background noise No, it's a couple of hundred dollars. Pause Inaudible Remark Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Inaudible Remark Background noiseinaudible This one's... We can't let's do it by this way. Yeah, that's the point. Let me see if I can get any of you at one of the times here. I can see the position here. I can't see anything. I can't see anything. I can't see anything.INAUDIBLECLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, this is just a little bit of... when more than energy sound. I'm sure it took us a minute. It's pretty different from what I read. I don't know what to explain, so.PausePausePausePausePausePause We have also the point where we have to put the tape on the back of the tape. We have to put the tape on the back of the tape. We have to put the tape on the back of the tape. I'm going to put it in the fridge. It's a little bit more, but it's not in the fridge, it's in the fridge. Let's put it in the fridge. It's still hot. Okay, so what? Come on, I'll do it again. Okay. Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background noise Not that funny. girl to another. Stimulation. Stimulation. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to buy this for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys, I'm going to buy it for you guys I'm going to add a little bit of the effect on this part. Maybe I'll add a little bit of the effect on the other side of the head. I'm going to add a little bit of the effect on the other side of the head. I'm going to add a little bit of the effect on the other side of the head. I'm going to add a little bit of the effect on the other side of the head. I'm going to add a little bit of the effect on the other side of the head. I'm going to add a little bit of the effect on the other side of the head. I'm going to add a little bit of the effect on the other side of the head.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE >> I don't know what you're about to offer me. >> It was an important event today. >> Take care of my being at the closing of this year.PausePause Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds I'm not sure if I'm a woman, but I'm afraid I'm just not going to have the time.silencesilence Silence Silence Thank you very much. Oh, can I just go? What's the key?Clock tickingClock tickingCOUGH with the hall of Columbus. (speaking in foreign language) This way. The keyboard. Okay, let's move on to the other side. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You want to ask me a question? Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark It was starting to move on the last thing. It was starting to move on the last thing. It was starting to move on the last thing. It was starting to move on the last thing. It was starting to move on the last thing. It was starting to move on the last thing. It was starting to move on the last thing. It was starting to move on the last thing. It was starting to move on the last thing. It was starting to move on the last thing. It was starting to move on the last thing. It was starting to move on the last thing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) For answer, I don't know how to do that. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)COUGH (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm sorry, I don't pass the door, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audio (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I hope you have any big shows. (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible I'm sorry.silenceinaudible Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm too close to him.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause I will introduce you after 5 months in Japan and I will be in the next 5 months in Spain. I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind, I don't know if it's in my mind (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to start in the next one.MusicMusic So once what's the next policy going on? I'm going to have to contact the people behind me, my house, my staff, my staff, my staff, I've been there, and I've started my own community. I've had to fill the college yet, and my company's still working. I'm a business, and it's been really been working. What if that's not going to be just a city? I'm going to have to do business, and I'm going to have to do that. I've been listening to it for a long time, and I've been listening to it for a long time. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) We have a slacker drill. Dibbling his bridge. Primarily. What the fuck is going on? We're really going to have to go to bed. I'm going to have to go to bed.silencesilencesilence It's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) You saved this. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thanks very, very much. second layer, except this of wikami in the wikami. you you you you you you (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence Thank you very much. Thank you very much.Silence Name me.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilencePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (knocking on door) Silence >> Okay. If you want to save it, you can save it as much as you want to save it. Let's try to make sure it's not too bad.no speech detectedPausePausePauseno speech detected And he's called to give me a visit so I'm just going to give him a little bit of yourMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no audiono audio (keyboard clicking) Silence SilencePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLE Silence Silencesilenceinaudible You don't want to hear the sound of the music. You don't want to hear the sound of the music.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic the . (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to have to go to the other side. So you can make your soccer shows. You can make it into our visit website. Come off my door. I want to come on my door to show up on some other side.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Pause How do you feel about this? I feel great. Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence and (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)no speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence There is no need to check all that legdap for without kept only direct link to all of the rest of it. That's what I thought to be. So that's what's plus. I'm actually not sure what to do now. I'm actually a couple of three maps that need to go up technically to us.inaudible Pause Pausesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence If you want to go to the next session, you can go to the next session, you can go to the next session. Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence I'm going to put out some nice pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up pop up popSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence >> Niceness.NOISEINAUDIBLE And then I'll start. I can't get far, but I have a key in here to see if it's in here. I can't get far, I can't get far, I can't get far. I can't get far, I can't get far. I can't get far, I can't get far. Oh, this is scary, it's anything else. It's scary, it's something else.MusicMusic Thank you.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) Okay, the phone's, and that too. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) But then when it's up soon...ClickClick