[00:00:00.00] USB Live Camera audio:	(clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, so, once you're shit, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, I'm going to use the real file and also the real name. There's too much data. Thank you very much. There's too much data. Thank you very much. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) Thank you very much. I'm going to make a long break off there, nobody needs anything. I'm going to make a mistake.Music Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMUSIC (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking)MUSIC (mouse clicking) - She had her after her own, (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedsilence Silence Silence I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. What's wrong with that, man? What's wrong, man? I didn't tell you.laughs (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silenceno audiono audiono audiosilence Ignite all. Now we're in the next race. So we know what we're doing. As a real kid, we've got some stuff in it. We're stuck out. We're still in the next race. We know that we're stuck out, and the other ones are not stuck out. We're dead.no audiono audio This corpse, my hand up, that's what's in my body, I might have a complete russing, a little more respect for this. I don't know if you can see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to have a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's quite a good idea to see it from the outside, but it's good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have But we have a lot of people, of course, I'm sorry if we have to do that. But we still have to... Oh, that's right. Thank you for watching. You Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silenceinaudible Hmm.laughs I don't know what to do.speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language I don't know if you're interested in the game, but it's a good idea. It's so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so I'm going to send it to myself. I'm going to send it to myself. I'm going to send it to myself. I'm going to send it to myself. I'm going to send it to myself. I'm going to send it to myself. I'm going to send it to myself. I'm going to send it to myself. I'm going to send it to myself. I'm going to send it to myself. I'm going to send it to myself. I don't see it with the third talk, but I don't know what you're going to do. It's a nautical update. Yeah, the nautical update is going to be going up. I don't know what I'm going to do, so I'm going to see what I'm going to do.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (laughs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to... >> Can you also know me? (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if I'm going to live. So, it might be not a good cut. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) Hello, Mikko, that's that's that's That's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that I'm not up. I'm so on with the new floor. I'm getting ahead of the fantastic south part of this room. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silencesilence Pause PausePausePause (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePause >> It's a nice job, but I need to. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE And I'll do it, I'll just eat the boys.MusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudible You don't have to worry about it. You don't have to worry about it. You don't have to worry about it. You don't have to worry about it. You don't have to worry about it. You don't have to worry about it. You don't have to worry about it. You don't have to worry about it. You don't have to worry about it. (clicking) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I'm going to do a bit more speed on it, and then cut your new ass fam and now I'm going to say it's the fun of that, to say it for it, and then you're going to be sold on it. We'll see you in the next video. If you have any questions, please leave a comment and I'll see you in the next video. I don't want to take it to the end of the column. Thank you. So, let's see. I know the leader of the Alps was in, but I will ask if I will go to the other side of the All bets are up. Nice to hear my old story now video. I'll chill that thing. Oh, yeah.Music Just one of those on here. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll go top. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilence And this is the time. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SOUNDFOREIGN But this problem is that with the maliciousness steps, the only one that has the malicious maliciousness, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, the maliciousness steps, thesilencesniffingsniffing I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't I don't know if I can show you the best part of this video. I don't know, it's under-centred in the duality, in the duality, in the positive, in the positive community. So, the boys, they're going out from us, they're going to be a little bit more fair and they're going to look at what they're doing. We'll see you in the next video. Good luck to you all. Bye.silencesilence So, we can do this in practice, we can do this in practice, we can do this in practice, Oh, we'll have to see. We'll just connect to the night and then we'll see what we'll do. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not going to put it on the other side of the door. There's a lot of it.clickclick (keyboard clicking) Nothing else, nothing else, it's just you know, if it comes from 7, it has to come from 10 years ago, it's not something else, it's not worth it. I don't know if I can say anything at home. If you want to live yourself, you can do whatever you want. If you want to be independent, you can do whatever you want, you can do whatever you want, you can do whatever you want, you can do whatever you want, you can do whatever you want, you can do whatever you want. You You I'm not recording it, I'm just doing a tough favour. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Bertu and Tim B's net castled. An authoritarian individual gone but not for a problem. The net was murdered by a gang stalker in May of 2019. We talked daily for two years, she was severely gang stalked and tortured, and no, she's looking down on me. Smash her all the time. (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) So, this is the top of the line on the back of the keyboard, you can see that the cache because in all that level, you're not even as... Silenceinaudible I don't know if I can do it. You need... (typing) (typing) (keyboard clicking) It is going to be nice and nice to have the gash. It is going to be nice and nice to have the gash. It is going to be nice and nice to have the gash. Silence Silence SilenceinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence That'll be harding the gratitude of you all, since you said malicious and so do so. Oh, awful, that's all. No, that's not okay. Okay, failed. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'll post all of your comments. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. No, I think it's all right. No, it's all right. What's wrong with me, what was the thing before the after-yields, here's our review of review. Bye! (coughing) I don't know if that's helpful, but this is... I don't know if I need to bring my back to the phone then... Well, I'm just making a damn notice. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Okay, no. Same points. I'm going to sit him on the table and sit him on the table and I'm going to sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit him on the table and sit I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Thank you for your time, and I hope you enjoyed this video. is all of us in the audience on the main desk, is there any piece there, what do we have there? that will ok, then we have another one, another one. the bubble is also an idea that I call my name Boris in the last episode, so it's I don't know if I can open the door, but I don't know if I can open the door or not. I was thinking that I was going to be able to get in with a little bit more, so I thought it would be better if I could open the door. But I don't know if I could open the door or not. Did you ever want to put this all over the place? I don't know, I don't know. I don't know what that is. Thank you very much. (door slams) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusic I'm going to go down here, but I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here. I'm going to go down here, but I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm going to go down here, so I'm goingPausePausePausePause (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) because it's just not supposed to be this, it's just a little bit of a fill, it's not supposed to be supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this, it's just not supposed to be this Yeah, it's from those few days, not so many times, but it's about a little bit of the same thing, but there's nothing to do with it.Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, let's see if it goes that's okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, I'm too close to that, but that's just a little bit. Do I have to eat? See my new announcement? Come on.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic So, I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the toilet, and then I'm going to have to go to the I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to stick one. I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here. I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going to stick it in here and I'm going (soft music) - Nice. (grunting) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (sniffing) (grunting) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiono audio Yeah, that's what it does in the competitive, it does my product, it does my own thing to him, yeah. Oh, well, I can't raise it, cause. I just want to help him make this stuff.silence >> Okay, from now on, I cannot say to me that I'm not minding you. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a lot of different parts, so I'll show you what it looks like. I don't know if you can see it, but I'll show you what it looks like. I'll show you what it looks like, so I'll show you what it looks like, so I'll show you what it looks like, so I'll show you what it looks like, so I'll show you what it looks like. I'm going to be able to reach the right now, so I'm going to be able to reach the right now, so I'm going to be able to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so I'm going to reach the right now, so Turned the levels in back to one of the things. See if it's a golden and golden, right? I'm going to put some further. We'll have to get to the next one, because we're going to have to get to the next one. We're going to have to... We're going to have to get to the next one. We're going to have to get to the next one. We're going to have to get to the next one.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic The Zim, I see this is what I can do now, I need to add a little bit more, I don't know if I can do it. I see this is what I need to do now. I need to add a little bit more, I need to add a little bit more, I need to add a little bit more. (speaking in foreign language) - Let's go. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I didn't really put all my head down, you know, I expected you to mess up. You know, it's just not what we should be doing, you know, for all of them. Let's take our territory, I'll show you. Yeah. Sooner or later we got to the new team of parties that were building at the start of Samir and the Meme. I have a bit of a whole new hope that boys find out that Sam is going to kick up the team party and that's it. We don't need my Meme to collect the assets of the world.Sigh Well, one more thing, I'll say it's a fact about the effects from the novel, the effects from the novel, the music that's, the effects from the novel, the music that's, the effects from the novel, the music that's, the music that's, the music that's, the music that's, the the audience also do a proper knee. So this, he knows it, he knows it, he knows it.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I didn't have a lot of things to make instead of related to running in the next minute. I don't have a lot of faces to run out. I'm being a second and I'm a little bit lost in this video, and I was leaving the last two, just a short rest, and I was here still ok, we'll see it. I'll leave it on the other side. I think I lost it all. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. Silence Now we're going to, this will be very interesting, you'll see.silencesilence (gasps) (gasps) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MusicMusic (sighs) (cow mooing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedCLICK (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (speaking foreign language) (speaking foreign language)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence I think I'm a lot of those guys, I hope I'm doing well. I think I'm going to be on the earth with you.SighSigh (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) Silence Silence SilencesilencesilenceMusicMusic He couldn't have done anything, so he always had to go through it. If it was that bad, he couldn't have done anything, so he always had to go through it. If it was that bad, he could have done anything, so he always had to go through it. If it was that bad, he could have done anything, so he always had to go through it. If it was that bad, he could have done anything, so he always had to go through it. If it was that bad, he could have done anything, so he always had to go through it. If it was that bad, he could have done anything, so he always had to go through it. If it was that bad, he could have done anything, so he always had to go through it. If it was that bad, he could have done anything, so he always had to go through it. I'm sorry. Stop to make. Pause Pause Silence That was an aim as with personal feedbacks, so that would be a good start. That would be a bit of a problem, but I'll show it to you, and let's just put it in. I'm going to stop in the middle of the room. I can't do this. I have a real pucco. I think you can do that later, because you can do it again. If you don't fix my life, then it's dead, and you have to come up with the idea that you have to come up with the idea of dead. Yeah? Yeah? I'm talking to you now. I'm talking to you now. So, what's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up?silencesilence Silence SilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusic I need some interesting stuff, but I'm going to use the rest one, where it's over there. Let me try it out.no audiono audiono audiono audio And the last three of the things was to do for all of them, all of them for all of them. The walls are killing me.SOUND >> I do not have anything you can do, you can take off.SOUND >> This is so much more fun. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm not sure what it is, but it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, it's in the text, C. Any other shot? Now, here in the description, and now this time. If you serve, if you have a computer, if you have a password, you will have a password. narrative, often used for realistic writers. Unusual.inaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick man, I don't know what to do my trick maninaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusic Delta-presentment and DOM Practice, what are you doing? Is this my girlfriend? Is it Karolina? No. Do you want me to go home? No.Sigh If you want to see how it works, you can add 3 or 3 minutes or more. That will just be what I will tell me to be. I heard that then I'm going to die and then I'm done and I'm done and I hope you see we're done I've done my own mistakes, I've done something in the morning, I'm very hungry, I hope you're not here No, no, no, no, no youINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't You both are looking for a piece of work now. Can you do that?sighsfootstepsfootstepsfootstepsINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLE I'm going to do a little bit more. Let's get started.Music I don't know if you know that, but I've already done all of it, it's done, it's done. I have a few more things to do with this, I don't know if you know that, I don't know if you know that, I don't know if you know that. I'll put it in a small bag. I'll put it in a small bag. That's a problem, but I'll put it in a small bag. I'll put it in a small bag. Now! (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's my 3opsys bit going and paper. But... Nothing else, and... That's not a cup.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'm going to have to go back to my computer and get my computer back to my computer. Alright, I'll talk about it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) It's all hell to us, we're all fighting for one safety, and we're all fighting for one safety. We're all fighting for one safety, and we're all fighting for one safety, and we're all fighting for one safety. So this is the present time as I am alone, so there was a long one, really. You You You YouINAUDIBLE I'm going to pick a little bit more to the microphone and then I'm going to take a little I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. Okay. Okay. Thank you.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you very much for joining us. Thanks. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Do you know what I'm going to say?silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE I don't know how to do it, because I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I donsilencesilencesilence Thank you. Is that a circle to solve it? What's the problem? Intercepts for a total of five minutes. The problem is that it's not a circle to solve it. The problem is that it's not a circle to solve it. The problem is that it's not a circle to solve it. The problem is that it's not a circle to solve it. The problem is that it's not a circle to solve it. The problem is that it's not a circle to solve it. The problem is that it's not a circle to solve it. I'm going to do a Zotz bit, I'm going to do a Zotz bit, I'm going to do a Zotz bit, I'm not trying to do Zotz bit.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGsilence Music, can you?silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Well, yes, I'm going to have to be off for a minute. I'll go a bit. I'm going to open it up.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Stopped. We put in an onion, red, dead, white, stuck in a clear clear. Oh, I'm going to show you that again. Yeah, but that's not wrong. Don't you know? I didn't mean that I'm a clear, but just take one, get rid.CLICK I'll start from the bottom down, come here, and I'll fetch them up here to see if there's any problem. I'm going to press here and then press here and then press here and then press here I'll give you an email at the bottom of the comments. Those are all our daily mutton and sent me to see you. Start the video, put the update on us. Find the training, note up some of the process in the last episode. We're going to get this now, so I'll take care of it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Last minute. Thank you for watching. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I don't know if I can do it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm going to do a little bit more of the same.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS That's a gift of service, once we've got it. It was so awesome that the hero of the game, the hero of the game, the hero of the game, the hero of the game, This is the end of the video. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please subscribe to my channel. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. Oh, that's all there man, that's all there man, that's all there man, that's all there man. Thank you so much for joining us today. Thank you. (upbeat music) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)inaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. (Sigh) (Sigh)INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence and I'm going to see you next time.inaudible >>INAUDIBLE We are being... ...noth be a bit fine now, kind of, exactly.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Now, call the hotel here, you can't do this in the old appell. I'm going to close that up there and I'm going to find a really good place. So, I'm going to get a little closer to the camera.silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay, now we're filming up there at the hotel, so I'm going to put you there. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, The other frame of the action is black. On the center is an obstacle. Yeah. YeahXBOX SOUNDsilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Nice feeling.SilenceSilence to do.MusicMusicSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS >> We've got Nynis in every line, you've got to come to Nick Brown. I don't know, but it's a little bit of a condition that I can't see. I don't know if I can see it, but it's a little bit of a situation that I can't see. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLEsilence Should I be dying?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know why the hell was so many of the books. (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audio Silence (clears throat) (speaking in foreign language) You can see the link in the description below, and you can see the link in the video description I agree. I'm on the left side of the part. I'm not ready yet. Let's go to the other side of the part. Let's go to the other side of the top. That goes to his valve. I'm going to close the valve. I'm going to close the valve. (sniffing)MusicMusic Yeah, when the workers are in, they do a bus thing and they're gonna munch around with you at the moment, who you will mince, and then, uh.., and then, uh, the cost of the artichael, I'm like, okay, cause I'm not actually going to do what I just did. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) It's a really good thing you're just a coach, really talented, really good.silencePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) I'm going to put it on the back of the box. I'm going to put it on the back of the box. I'm going to put it on the back of the box. I'm going to put it on the back of the box. You can pack and seal it. It was also in the 22,000. So we don't have to do that for the three weeks of the museum. (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps)SilenceINAUDIBLE (humming)MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) We have point gate and then we're back to the alto, what's the two we're going to do?silencesilencesigh There's a little paper all around the town. A bit too long. A bit too long. The closest thing was a cradale. all of me, but I don't know what's in the notes, no, I'm not quite sure if you guys have any of these, I'm just going to go back to the notes.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) This is Jimmy Tustanti, though. So, let's get a little bit more to work on. I'm looking for a bit more time to work on. I'm not going to do anything in the bin. I'm not going to do anything in the bin. I'm not going to do anything in the bin. I'm not going to do anything in the bin.Pause Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. We have to have a little bit more screener open and that's going to be a lot of help. I don't know if you can see it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Is that a safety gun? No video. Is that the feeling I was going to hear? No, it's not. (sniffing) Silence I have to put this on the top right side of the screen. I have to put this on the top right side of the screen. I have to put this on the top right side of the screen. I have to put this on the top right side of the screen. I have to put this on the top right side of the screen. I have to put this on the top right side of the screen. I have to put this on the top right side of the screen. I have to put this on the top right side of the screen. I have to put this on the top right side of the screen. I have to put this on the top right side of the screen. I have to put this on the top right side of the screen. I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now, but I don't know what I'm doing now,MusicMusicMusic SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking) I don't want to do that, I don't want to do anything. I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything, I I don't want to do anything. I'll have a little bit of it. What do you think? I don't know. What do I want to do?silencesilence Here are the options in the next slide. I don't know if I'm going to look at the video, but I don't do that.silencesilencesilencePausePause Now I couldn't let go of that. I had to let go of that, and then I'll show you what kind of salt that is. Okay, nice.Sighs (sniffing) (groaning) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)silencesighssilencesilencesilence You know what I mean? Just search for office. You just know. Turn me off. Go take me off. Thank you very much for the push and on, though.inaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilencesilenceCOUGHINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know if I can do it or not, I don't know if I can do it or not. (speaking in foreign language) >> No, just show me what you got in there. >> I see you do that, man. Make up. You need to remember that thing, okay? Okay. I'm going to show you how I got my code to be done.no audio (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible going to hope that this will always be a test for that. Those in chest.inaudibleinaudible I'm going to show you something. I'm going to do a little bit of a magic trick. I'm going to do a little bit of magic trick. I'm going to do a little bit of magic trick. I'm going to do a little bit of magic trick. I'm going to do a little bit of magic trick. I'm going to do a little bit of magic trick. I'm going to do a little bit of magic trick. I'm going to do a little bit of magic trick. I'm going to do a little bit of magic trick. I'm going to do a little bit of magic trick. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I have some missing as I can't remember how long I've done it, so I'm going to call it nightingale. I'm going to take a look at the thing I'm going to do now. So, me and the Queen, you are not the police. So, me and the Queen, you are not the police. (door slams) (door slams)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to make sure that I don't have to push it to the base. I'm going to make sure that I don't have to push it to the base. I'm going to make sure that I don't have to push it to the base. What's in the glass? It's a glass that's kept in the wood. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. You can see the thing in there. What are you doing? Is you doing this? And then you have the reaction from someone else. So, I think that's all. That's all for today. I'll see you in the next video. See you in the next video. Bye.silence I'm going to go to the top right corner and I have to go to the left corner. I'm going to go to the front corner and I'm going to go to the front corner and I'm going to go to the front corner. I'm going to go to the front corner and I'm going to go to the front corner and I'm going to go to the front corner. You just have to be patient, and then conditionally you're there, and now, as a member, you have to do everything. You have to be patient. You have to be patient. (door slams) (door slams)Music Detective Blonde and I should have gone mad. I'll be there and kick some. I can't kick me so I can't be. I'll have to turn it out to the door.Music Silence >>Inaudible I'm going to cut this. I'm going to cut this. I'm going to cut this. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I have to say I'm on the next one.silenceknocking on doorsilencesilencePause Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very Yes, go ahead. Okay, we'll go on. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.INAUDIBLE >> The train, oops, the train, all the way. So it's all right, but now it's just locked so it's a lot of time to put it in the middle of the water, and there's not much left for the kids, and we'll open it up. Don't do it.Music Pause >> There's Melissa. >> Thank you, Merle. Pause I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here, I'm going to do this one here,silencesilencesighingno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a We'll see him out. We'll see him out. We'll have more of a look at the cake. We'll have a look at the cake. We'll have a look at the cake. I don't really have the solidity. It's really solid. It's not really that big. I'm going to write this down in the list of the last two, but I'm going to write down theinaudible Okay, it's just a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a Pause Pause Okay, turn it all this way. So, I test held many number of poses, see the next. So, I am going to do a little bit of the right. I am going to cover two times in the world.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, that's what's up. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) Yeah, I'm going to sell phone. to be honest with you know there's a lot but but I'm not gonna look for it today's a lot personally I'm not gonna be too much in the projection there was a lot of you you (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) (Music) But I suggest that you show the... ...not a second part of the song. But, uh... ...I don't know if you can imagine it. (SIGHS) (SIGHS) >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't knowsilence Yeah.silence I don't see any more of that in the background.silence I don't know what to do, but I can't do it. I'm going to put it in here, but I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it all this time.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Yeah, that's not true. Camera wakes me up in the car. No, no, please.silencelaughs Well, that's all I need, y'all there, and for sure, that's for sure. Hello?silence I don't believe so. Can I get in? I don't believe in. I don't believe in. I will need to do it soon, I will be back with a little bit more time.POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POPINAUDIBLE I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't I don't know if I can do it. But it's the whole new system, the current, the last one, where you do it, so you can have an extra input, so you can do it. All these input tweeting and the meeting, you can do it. I'm going to send them to the end of the course of the month. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys a text stream. I'm going to show you guys a little bit. I'm going to show you guys a little bit. I'm going to show you guys a little bit. I'm going to show you guys a little bit. I'm going to show you guys a little bit. I'm going to show you guys a little bit. I'm going to show you guys a little bit. (door slams) (door slams) - It's the last day of the day, what was that spreec? - It's all, it was me, okay. (door slams) Yes, I can hold it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yeah, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun was on, the sun I'm going to kill all of you. I'm going to kill all of you. I'm going to kill all of you.inaudibleinaudible >> Yeah, that's the thing, it's more like a-- >>INAUDIBLE which is the capacity to do the video at least what is going to happen in this frame 15.7 (speaking in foreign language) So that's all for the C-Series Cup. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. I don't know if it's the same as the keyboard, but it's the same. (incomplete thought) (incomplete thought) (incomplete thought) (incomplete thought) (incomplete thought) (incomplete thought) (incomplete thought) (incomplete thought) (incomplete thought) (incomplete thought) Yes, but if I got to my parents saying I'm standing at the coast, then everything I I don't know where you're going, there's always voices in my head, no matter what. So maybe precisely for the reason, so if you're seeing Kiko way longer period of time and then if you disconnect then you'll be able to reconnect quickly.sigh This is one of those things where the dot cloud has to be extending in because now you add different things and explanations for a thing that I will then come up with all explanations for the lungs and I may be here because you will not be trusted and let's sit out about it. So, this is the solution for the solution. Let's look at the solution. Let's look at the solution for the solution. Let's look at the solution for the solution. Let's look at the solution for the solution. Let's look at the solution for the solution. figure it out after a while. So, if you're not sure why he is so obsessed with controlling the input outputs, so I'll talk to you tomorrow. What did you do with it? (coughing) Why don't you let anybody else who might be present be felt by me boys? Yes, you just said it was and that's also what makes sense. I don't know if I'm going to find out. What's up, boys? What? I don't know, there's a letter called "Booist" "Alterty" or "Thousand" I don't know at all Good, I'm disconnecting Thank you for watching Thank you for watching Thank you for watchingsighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You didn't know that? It's just a little bit of an idea. I don't know if you can tell me what's going on. I don't know. I don't know if you can tell me what's going on. I don't know if you can tell me what's going on.silence Well, I'll move.silencesilencesilence >> His voice is females. It was me, it was me, it was me, it was me.MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark We throw together the older, we don't really have the option from the future, and I'll put it to home. We're in the insulin, and we're pretty much wrapping it up. We're going to have to move the nuts, and we're going to throw the tools, and we're going to do it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible What you're being told is that name will turn to tell. You're telling me what the hell? Did he? Did he? Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to get a notice, I'm going to move in the wrong direction, I'm going to get a notice, I'm going to get a notice, I'm going to get a notice, I'm going to move in the wrong Background noise Background noise Silence >> Yeah, that's much more than I did with this. I'm going to be stupid. You know this? I'm going to tell them. I'm going to be stupid. I'm going to tell them. I'm going to tell them. I'm going to tell them. I'm going to tell them. I'm going to tell them. I'm going to tell them. I'm going to tell them. I'm going to tell them. I don't know how to do that, but we do now try to be as hurtful as possible, do not be all the time pleasant as otherwise you have to do this. (speaking in foreign language) this maybe, or the group by then makes it by half, it will give more results. Yes. It's a big person.silencesilencesilence Background Sounds Background SoundsPausePausePause Pause Pause Pause Do you think I am a lover? I think it's the boy's head. Hello, Mai. Do you think you're really able to consider to go and see my beach? And either way you want, no? Because you're addicted. Need health care, services, mental health. Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please That's it, to me. To fix it, to do it, should not have left the death sentence, you need to drop it over, I don't know, I think you will avoid it, you might have come by us, some boys, some friends of ours. Which one? Oh, thanks. No, thanks. No, thanks. No, thanks. No, thanks. No, thanks. No, thanks. No, thanks. No, thanks. No, thanks. or actually not mine. My comments.no speech detectedno speech detected to the other. Who else is sleeping in my hands? I'm just keeping in mind that it will be a terrific thing to send my minister to power up to use my hands. So if you say this, as if you've already decided that this is going to happen, you're but that's different than final time, so then therefore it will need the end of time. Thank you for watching. you you you you (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I don't know what it gets, I'm interested to actually see in the amount that there's something that you'll be able to keep me something, I don't know, you can try, but I'll be able to keep you something, I don't know what it gets, I don't know what it gets, I don't know You can try this. Thank you for watching. This is the first one, I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to draw more and I'll do it. I'm going to draw a dead force main. Just doing this was a bit embarrassing, so it was neither of them. Neither of them felt so terrible, I was scared. Very kind of young. I don't know if you can see it, but I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see Okay, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it the first thing, when I belach that I don't want to lose, then I'm going to be able to be able to do it. That's what I'm trying to do. Yeah, I'm going to position it. I'm going to position it. Yeah, I was going to take that in the morning. Yeah, but there's a cold salad. Yeah. I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know, I don't know. But I don't know, it's a word that matters. I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't know, but I'm sorry, I don't I don't know, it's a word that matters, but I don't know, it's a word that matters. I'm not going to eat anything, I'm not going to think anything, I'm just going to eat something. There's just no goal. Well, I'm not going to eat anything. So, here I'm down in the middle of the door. Yeah, that's me, so I'm here. I'm not sure if you're ever coming in or not. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm going to wait for a moment and see if I can do something like this. I think it's time to go to the other side. I'm going to wait for a moment and see if I can do something like this. So, I think that one of the people who have a lot of experience in the world is not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are not here, but there are some people who are I don't know why they always have to support me, but that's what I want. This is our ordinary, you can do it with your fingers, with your fingers, with your fingers. Thank you for watching. (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic Dark clouded. Pretty normal, I'll try. Thank you very much for watching. If you want to beat a bunch of them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them, then you have to beat them I have a microphone off, so you don't have to take it off. So it's going to be a little bit easier to do. I hope you guys see this in the next video, and I'll see you in the next video. I thought, "Oh, no, we couldn't beat him." I said, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I said, "Nana, zoom in and go out for a mistake to me and bring me you and I, or two of us, or could I just..." *cough* *cough* *cough* You had that urge to beat and then you think that was like, "What's so done, send around like it first time that you've been sweet?"inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I think that's all the nuance, not so situational, it's all the need for the rest of the story. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm going to have a little bit of a tour. I think I'm going to have a little bit of a tour. I think I'm going to have a little bit of a tour. I think I'm going to have a little bit of a tour. So, what's the problem with this? What's the problem with this? What's the problem with this? What's the problem with this? What's the problem with this? What's the problem with this? What's the problem with this? What's the problem with this? What's the problem with this? What's the problem with this? What's the problem with this? >> Wait, is there a way to get this kind of stuff out of there? There are a lot of things that are going to happen in the same place. I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one. I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one, I'm going to use the other side of this one. plus name was ok, never mind. Oh, no, I'm thinking of other ones, so they're not here, but this is not an option, no. I'm not telling you, you're not the manager. I don't know if I can fix it. I don't know if I can fix it or not. Ah, the metal is on. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLESOUND >>INAUDIBLE I don't know what I'm going to do, I'm just going to shoot one of my men, and that, that guy always thinks that it's all, that I can sell the men's exactly so much on my own vault. I don't think there's anything to worry about, there's something to talk about. Yeah. Don't listen to me. Yeah. Don't listen to me.MusicMusic Silence Inaudible Remark Silence I don't know if you know this, but I'm a key look for it, so I might not be able to do that. I don't know, I'm just so much closer to that thing. Anything that I don't know, I don't know if you know this, I don't know if you know this, I don't know. I just believe it's a certain way to do it. Thank you very much. So I'll go through here with the other direction.Music I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm not talking to you, I'm No, we're sure we're going back to the top of that crew. We'll see you in the next one. One, two, three. We'll find out any crew, any other crew. We'll see you in the next one. Thanks. I've been bored with friends and ex-self videos. That's why I knew that. I've been bored with friends and ex-self videos. I've been bored with friends and ex-self videos. I've been bored with friends and ex-self videos. I've been bored with friends and ex-self videos. I've been bored with friends and ex-self videos. I've been bored with friends and ex-self videos. I've been bored with friends and ex-self videos. I don't have anything to do with it, I'm just going to do 6 or a half. I don't have any luck with it, I'm going to have a big luck with it. It's really long. I'm going to have to do a big deal with it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to start with the shot, so no longer the target ball or unit, I'm a little kid who's going to be dead. I'm going to start with the shot. I'm going to start with the shot. I'm going to start with the shot. I'm going to start with the shot. I'm going to start with the shot. I'm going to start with the shot. I'm going to start with the shot. I'm going to go to the other side and go to the other side and go to the other side. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Okay, don't worry, I'm gonna hang in there. I'm going to go over here and book a question, if you want to fix it. Here you go, Bob.Sighssilence going on in the risk of death this is for the facility that I think you doMusic (chanting) (chanting) (mimicking the sound of the music) (mimicking the sound of the music) (mimicking the sound of the music) (mimicking the sound of the music) (mimicking the sound of the music) (speaking in foreign language) and it's just so annoying for everyone. I don't know how to understand that it's a bit like that. Well, how do you do? We don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't know how to do it, we don't I'm going to start with this memory and I'm going to have a connection with the staff here. I'm going to start with this memory and I'm going to start with this memory and I'm going to start with this memory. I don't know what's going on here, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not, but I'm not sure if it's going to work or not And then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, you know, and then, I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it So it was someone who passed out a year ago in San Francisco. A year ago, I was a year old. I was also a little... It was there, too. see. If I want to take the other place, it's for risk, it's not that it's the end of the memory, but it's not that it's the end of winning. It's the end of the memory, that's for me, with the end of the memory. If I do that, I'm going to follow him, and he's going to do all that, no, no, no, no, no, because I'm going to go down, because it's not his own, oh, oh, oh, and it's me and not you, well... Yes. We don't even think about it, it's just a little bit of... It makes me happy. For him, he is also a person, a person who thinks that he thinks of himself, but that's the most important thing. That's also the most important thing. So there's someone who knows him, just so that I don't know what this expression is about. and I got two of them. with 4m, and he can auto-match. I don't know yet, maybe I'll try a VL, but I don't know exactly how to see if he's able to do that, maybe. I'm just going to show up all of the time. I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm going to try to fix it, I'm goingSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I also feel so good when I am doing my first workbook video. Thank you very much for watching.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I mean, since there is no one, it's not true, we're going to have a scene like this, or we're going to have a scene like this, it's not true, and the fact that we're sure it's a blockage, it's going to be a conditionally... I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't know if you're kidding me or not, I don't (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll see you in the next video, bye bye. I'm gonna have to go for a little bit more, okay, please. Okay. Did I plan out what I'm doing? I don't know if I can do it. I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do a little bit more. Okay, um... This is the noise that you hear when you're in the middle of the door. Yeah. Yeah, put it on. It's not that bad, it's not that bad. Okay. Okay. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I don't think it's important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that it's not important to me to say that So we can do it all the way, but that's it. You can't do that. You have to do it all the way, you have to try to pass the cards. You can do it all the way, and then you can do it all the way. All right.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSIGHSno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilenceMUSIC I'll see you soon. I'll be right back here. I'll be right back here. Put it. Please. Thank you. I'll be right back here.no audiono audio (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) This one level is just a little bit more than the other one, it's a little bit too late. It's all set, I'm just going to add it. Yeah.silencesnapsnapsnapsnapsnapsnapsnapsnap >> Here I am. >> We are done with the new. >> I'm not done yet. >> We are done with the new. >> We are done with the new. >> We are done with the new. >> We are done with the new. >> We are done with the new. >> We are done with the new. >> We are done with the new. Oh, it can be the line. Let's see. Yes. Yes. I don't know.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence That's called a pun. That's called a pun. That's called a pun.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) - You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you (speaking in foreign language)silenceinaudible I'm not sure.PausePausePause Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE I'm not sure if it's going to work, and then... I'm not sure if it's going to work. I'm not sure if it's going to work. I'm not sure if it's going to work. (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) Yes, open, I'm really open, sorry, I'm still in the minute. That's starting to sound nice. Hello darling. I'm going to do it back, I'll be. (laughing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, I'll try to give you a little bit more time to do that. I'm going to let me...Pause I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) >> I'm not going to make any shaman. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I can't finish that side for you, I don't know. Can I pass? I can't finish. I can't finish that side for you. I can't finish that side for you. I can't finish that side for you. I can't finish that side for you. (laughs)PausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) side. You know, look like we're still not just, you know, it's also very special. Oh. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. I don't know if I can see it. I don't know if I can see it. I don't know if I can see it. I don't know if I can see it. I don't know if I can see it. I don't know if I can see it. I don't know if I can see it. I don't know if I can see it. I don't know if I can see it. I don't know if I can see it. I don't know if I can see it. So, I'm going to ask you to stop this from going to the other side. I don't know if it's that good or not, but it's a bit correct, it's kind of degraded all this kind of stuff. (sighs) (mumbles) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to show you three of them. I'm going to do it in five seconds. I'm going to do it in five seconds. I'm going to do it in five seconds. I'm going to do it in five seconds. I'm going to do it in five seconds. I'm going to do it in five seconds. I'm going to do it in five seconds. I'm going to do it in five seconds. I'm going to do it in five seconds. I'm going to do it in five seconds.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Let's go to the next. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected and . I'm going to put some in on this now. This is a later step to total number of volume. There's nothing good boys. Better than the eight. No, well, I'm a poprassist. But I'm always a limelight. You (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) In America, that's why I'm going to show up, but since we're so close, I'm going to see you in the next video. and then we'll move on to the other side of the room, and then we'll move on to the other side of the room. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching, and I don't think that that's what's to do that, but I'm more and I'm not going to end. It's just that I don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people. I don't think that's a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot of people who don't have a lot No, that must have been a lot of people who thought it was going to end.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Oh, wow. We're so stupid. So, I'm going to have to save, save, save, save for two.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic We can show our heads, we can see that our first round is not here. It's really my song.ClickClick I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, for us the best moment of the year, so it's about to keep up on the safe side of the I don't know how to do it, but I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it I don't know if I can do it. Thank you for watching.sighssighssighssnifflessighs I'm going back to your phone, my car. It's good, it's good to know something. I'm going back to your phone, I'm going back to your phone, I'm going back to your phone. Okay, I'll call the voice, I'll put my VTK, for the story now. I don't know how to make it to the title, but I'm not sure if I can make it to the title. It was him who was also so lost in the middle of nowhere, not at all. It was not my luck, it was just a matter of course. It was another night, another friend, suddenly. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I don't think I'm going to be able to do it. I always had to use that, it's cool, it's cool, it's the idea to get it out of here. So yeah, I thought about that, I had to put it on the side, it's not that, it's not that, it's not that, it's not that, it's not that, it's not that, it's not that. I managed to get 50 million dollars. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if it's a bit... It's a bit... I don't know... I don't know if it's a bit... I don't know if it's a bit...MusicINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I think it's probably not going to happen to me in this way, but it's going to be a lot of the same thing, but it's not going to happen to me in this way, but it's going to be a lot The cost must be a lot of money, and then we have the next two options, and then we have the last one. The first one is the one that we have the last two options. The second one is the one that we have the last two options. The second one is the one that we have the last two options. The second one is the one that we have the last two options. Yeah, sing along nicely.FOREIGN It's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's a very good game, it's I'm not sure too much about me as you just think. We're not really, uh, the exact bear, the... ...kishan, the kishan fan, the dog, the kiss of the person that makes the flickers fly on the sky.Pause I don't know why, but I'm not sure if I can do it again, but I'm also interested in the quality of the game. The game, I don't know if I can do it again, but I'm not sure if I can do it again, but I'm not sure if I can do it again. I was also very green and I had a lot of difficulty. I wanted to say that I was going to do a lot of things, but I said okay. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if you can see it. but all our voice. Right. Is there a button in the middle of it? Yes. Yes, and as soon as they saw it... I think they did that for me. It's just that they were able to install it. They saw it for the new... If you are set up what I would do is add nons You know what that is? We'll take you over now and add this all to it So it's what we'll do I'll add this all to it I'll add this all to it It's a modulo is I don't know if you can do that, but I'm still alive. Yeah, I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. It's still a little bit too late. I'm such a long one. Restore this, you're ready to go. I've got to go on. Ah, it was a great knowledge. I don't know what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say. So, the last thing, okay, that's a psychopathie that we'll do when we see that before we go. Anyway, well... 50,000 do.silence As you can see in nature there is a way to go through it. We have a lot of time, there is a lot of time. There is a lot of time, as a research from A to B. It is a very healthy person, and then we go through A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A And the hematines are okay, we have a lot of time, we are heating the system, we are not going to be able to do it. No, I don't know if that's what it is, but I don't know what it is. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to ask you why I'm so neutral, not perfect, not responsible. Do I also have to go into the office? Do I have to go to the office? In the situation we are in, we are in the middle of the sea. I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared. I don't know what we're talking about. (sniffing) And it's just like a technique that we normally want to set the mask to be seen in. That's what it's. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. I don't want to be a bit jealous. We have been in view of our events, our patented work partners. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll add a little bit of the top now, a little bit of the top now, a little bit of the top now. I don't know how to do that. Okay, let's go. It's all about the details. We can say that it's not all about the details. It's all about the details. (sighs) (sighs) Please, please, please. This is what I was going to say. I'm going to tell you.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs All that I met in the evening of the show, there's a lot of tape on that. The video is a bit just need a translation of it. I don't really think so yet. I'm going to talk to them in the chat room again. I hope you enjoyed this video, see you next time! I don't know what's going on here, but I can do it. There's also a top. I don't know if you'll see, but I can see. I have a box of wax. I don't know what's going on here. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. So, in the next video, I'll show you my work. I'll show you something else, I don't know. You want me to go on a clean? (coughing) I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff. I have to do all the fucking stuff.INAUDIBLEMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic And I just like to end it with the op-wamp set and then we can run it. It has been a while now, in this door. So, this fort. I had under panic nips of a concept, name it, Valomores. It must be so. One is to clear many in them. I've picked a plan and so I could call on in the private room.sighssighskeyboard clickingkeyboard clicking (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to see it in the middle of the screen, but I'm not sure if it's going to work out well. I'll see you in the next two projects, so I'm not going to tell you about that. and let it overpulling them. Like I was capport on 20. You know, you'll be able to see the capport on the end. There's no need to take it to zoomed in, there's a solid. You know, I like sitting here, you know.MusicMusic (keyboard clicking)no audio I'm going to show you what I do. I'm going to do something. I'm going to do a lot of things for sure. I'll tell him to do something. He's going to do something for me. I'm going to do a lot of things for him. Send it, but it might be worth all the tests big.MusicSpeaking in foreign languageMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudible But what does it mean to not be able to do the same thing? But do you have any expectations of what it means? Here, it's made with a small piece of paper. It's made with a little bit of paper. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. (sniffing) What I'll tell you is that I can't cut it all, I'll see if it's different. 12mm, 12mm, 12mm, it won't split. I'll cut it with a knife and a knife. I'll cut it with a knife and a knife and a knife. I don't know what to do, and then, yes, yes, if you do that to death, that you have to go to bed here and you don't want to wake up because no one wants to come to you in six weeks when you can't do anything. The house is like this, then. If you do that to death, then... (speaking in foreign language) The idiots That's all you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have to do, you have What are you doing here? Are you going to be the next one? Dwarf Marie, you fall to eight boys. You have to kill boys from your life. It's a good death, but the death is a good death, but it's impossible today, now it's gone. If you're dead, then you'll have to die, then you'll have to block everything in the world, and it's a completely different time. It's also enough to see that it's going to be out of control and in the deployments of what you're going to be doing. If you want to get rid of the wreckage, you have to be more careful with your hands, because it's all broken. Of course not so, so much so. It's all so. Supermars. It's really not bad, because there's a lot of wreckage when you think about it. I don't know if it's just a little bit like that It's so likely Yeah, but yeah, I think it's a little bit like that Because there's also... You can't even hear it You can't even hear it It's a little bit like that But I don't know if it's just a little bit like that I don't know if it's just a little bit like that I don't know if it's just a little bit like that I don't know if it's just a little bit like that I don't know if it's just a little bit like that I don't know if it's just a little bit like that I don't know if it's just a little bit like that I don't know if it's just a little bit like that I don't know if it's just a little bit like that I don't know if it's just a little bit like that Here's the good little tips. Yeah. I'm going to have to remove them. You You I'm going to remove any mess on them. I'm going to remove that mess right here. I'm going to remove that mess right here. I'm going to remove that mess right here. I'm going to remove that mess right here. I'm going to remove that mess right here. I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to use a little bit more of this I'll call Imodotem to check it out when you try to get the answer to the phone, I'll give it a few hours to get the answer to the phone, I'll call Imodotem to check it out when you try to get the answer to the phone, I'll give it a few hours to get the answer to thesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) >> He's doing it. >> I didn't mark it in the middle, but still. I think we have the power to do a lot of damage to people, because when they show us a white line, I think we have the same intelligence system.silencesilencesilence (claps) (claps) (claps) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> Stop following, and here you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence >> What? Silence >> The subalculation of the subalculation of the subalculation What do you do when you get the test? What do you do when you get the test? What do you do when you get the test? What do you do when you get the test? What do you do when you get the test? What do you do when you get the test? What do you do when you get the test? What do you do when you get the test? What do you do when you get the test? What do you do when you get the test? What do you do when you get the test? I'll see another video next time. I'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. >> I have turned around to do all the things I talk about. I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it,silence I don't know, did I? So, oh my god. So, you want to fight here and then you want to fight here and then you want to fight here and then you want to fight here and then you want to fight here and then you want tono audio I'm going to ask you the last question, the memory of my collection, this, the last is all really moving on with my phone. Thank you. (laughs) (laughs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible I don't know if you can see it on the right side, but it's a good idea to see it on the right side, and this is the real deal. It's the same thing as the real deal. It's a very good deal. It's a very good deal. It's a very good deal. It's a very good deal. It's a very good deal. It's a very good deal. It's a very good deal. It's a very good deal. It's a very good deal. Thank you very much. I'm a chef. You're a boutist, aren't you? I think I'm a good cook. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'll see you again on the next video, I'll see you again on the next video, I'll see you on the next video, I'll see you again on the next video, I'll see you again on the next video, I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence I think they have your opinion. I think I'll see you on the next video. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) I'm going to have to cut short because it needs to take to the right and not know. I'm going to have to cut short because it needs to take to the right and not know. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Let's go to the scene. (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence So, this is the first time I have done this, this is the first time I have done this. So, this is the first time I have done this, this is the first time I have done this. So, this is the first time I have done this, this is the first time I have done this. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencekeyboard clicking (keyboard clicking) and Yeah, I actually thought you saw the next 20 sweatball you just did. You know what I'm saying, I'm just going to leave it there. I'm just going to wait and see what I can do. I'm going to wait and see what I can do. I'm going to wait and see what I can do. I'm going to wait and see what I can do. I'm going to wait and see what I can do. I'm going to wait and see what I can do. I'm going to wait and see what I can do. I'm going to wait and see what I can do. I'm going to wait and see what I can do. I'm going to wait and see what I can do. I'm going to wait and see what I can do. I'm going to wait and see what I can do. I don't know what the problem is, but we'll do that. I don't know if you can see it. No, I can't take it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.inaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oh, that's what we're supposed to do, okay. Let's do the other way. I'm going to kick some real thing with it. Yeah. Cut it out. Let's do the other way. Let's do the other way. Let's do the other way.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And can you tell us for more in the next video? Thank you very much. You Yousilence Silence Silence Silence >> Enough of a sequence. SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) - There's what is in here, I'm here, I'm.silenceknocking on doorno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected But what are they all in the game? I don't know, I'm kept in the body of the soul, but I'm not in the last room, so I'm just going to get up there. I can't believe it, man, I can't speak to them at all. I'm being in the kitchen, you know. I'm laughing. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry You don't need to go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you can't go to the bathroom, you (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to see if I can do it. I'm going to see if I can do it. I'm going to see if I can do it. I'm going to see if I can do it. I'm going to see if I can do it. I'm going to see if I can do it. I'm going to see if I can do it. I'm going to see if I can do it. I'm going to see if I can do it. I'm going to see if I can do it. I'm going to see if I can do it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detected Silence Silence It speaks of smithing it out, now it is chance for a first impression and I will maintain it for about a little bit in, and this is the little mandriksha kvapag, and we have all I'll speed up another. So that's it for now. So I'm going to see the line one. I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then I'm going to see the line one, and then So I'm going to show you the line. I'll see you guys later, stay out. Come on up. Yeah, maybe the more. See you later.PausePausePauseno speech detectedsilenceclears throatsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audio So, it's all the following results. So, it's all the following results. So, it's all the following results. I like to have all your cookies on this one. I'm just going to have more of a chance to get some of your cookies on. and then I'll turn it on. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) And it's ready for both of us. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Oh, yeah, nice. Thanks for watching. You Thanks for watching. I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of the parking space and then I'm going to put in the order of (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audio (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudible any of them, so I can't make any of them. It's all a bit different. It's all a bit different than what I was saying. What was that?silenceinaudiblesilence You want to know what you think about me, right? I don't know, yeah, I'll see.PantingPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'll save it to be a bit published, that seems to be all published in the next week. Thank you very much for watching. Silence Silence I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, I'll call that gate ballway through the service, please. >> That's a lot, please. >> May the bell may be in the scenes. >> Since we're going to see them. Okay, now that I've played some other time, I'm going to have class for a little bit of length over it. This is another, uh, piece. I'm going to have to see now, so I'm going to have a little bit of length over it. I'm going to have to see now, so I'm going to have to see now, so I'm going to have to seeSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilencePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to start with the same toilet, now I think I'm going to use that as a simple step for the master's service, I'll have a violin, I'll have a note here up to me and I'll stop. I'll start with the other one, and then it's the source. I'm going to start with the interesting thing that is in the outlaw now. I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going to go on my own, I'm going Silence I have to comment here, it needs to be written, and the drill is a vassal of. I don't know if I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solution, but I have a solutioninaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to do a little spree. >> Yeah, I feel like I'm in a-- >> I feel like I'm in a saucepan or a kiddo. I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things, I'm going to do a lot more political things We have to work with what they are saying. Now we will use the stem and career for the rest of the results.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know people that have sounded me. Ami? Who is?LaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughter And I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn't want to see it, but I didn (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to put this on the left side and I'm going to put this on the right side as well as the left side as well as the right side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side as well as the left side I think we can do that. I think we can do that. I think we can do that. I think we can do that. I think we can do that. I think we can do that. I think we can do that. I think we can do that. I think we can do that. I think we can do that. I don't know if it's a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a state or a stateINAUDIBLE I think it's because of the bubbles and I think it's because of the liquid itself. I think it's because of the bubbles. I think it's because of the bubbles. I think it's because of the bubbles. *mimics the sound of the sound* *mimics the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound *mimics the sound of the sound* Well, I'll take that knife out of the way and just ask him to go in and put some kind of no action, and we get all, uh, then we're going to make it wait. That is not what I lost, but it was. and you don't have to put that to clean the surface, and if you don't have to do that, I'll clean it up. I'm going to roll it out. I'll be stage. I don't know if I can do it or not, but I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I I don't know what to do, but I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, I have a new answer, more like you'll be a manager to make sure there are not too many wrongs so I'll change around the next door to our website Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, that was me. That's all I wanted to tell you. You said we said so, Amy. Yeah. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) In a situation where we had a schedule, we always had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule where we had a schedule Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, I presume I'm very disheveed. Mark's up for the Earth's A.silencesilence You can find all of them now, because of course you have to go to the passport, you have to go to the network. You have to do something else, and then you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to the library, you have to go to You can find all of them now, because of course you have to go to the network, because of course you have to go to the network. I was on the floor, I was in the elevator, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was a problem, I don't know if there was And then we have a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system, a new system That's all I can do. I'm going to remove it and see if I can get that out of it. I'm going to create another one. I'm going to remove it. Of course, I won't remove it. I'm going to remove it. So here are the e-becams we'll take with us. Test them in the white water.INAUDIBLE That's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a I don't know how many of them have been passed to the kitchen. I don't know if it's one of them, but it's not the same. I don't know how many of them have been passed to the kitchen. I don't know if it's one of them, but it's not the same. I don't know if it's the same. I don't know if it's the same. I don't know if it's the same. I don't know if it's the same. I don't know if it's the same. I don't know if it's the same. I don't know if it's the same. I don't know if it's the same. If you don't have a gun, you can use it for the rest of your life. If you have a gun, you can use it for the rest of your life. If you have a gun, you can use it for the rest of your life. Inaudible Remark So, I'm going to add a little bit of the left foot back foot. I'm going to add a little bit of the left foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot back foot So, I'm going to add a little bit of the left foot back foot.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible But often, I think that I'm just very, very, very happy to be a part of the driver. Doing this kind of thing, there really is no space for a person to be able to sleep.PausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think it's a standard that we didn't do that well, that we didn't do that well. That's what we're doing here. We're doing everything we can. Come on, come on. What's the other problem? We're doing more stuff. The problem is that it is not too late and you can't find the same thing. The expression is not enough and the expression is not enough. I think it is impossible to find the same thing that is not enough and the expression is not enough. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I don't know if you think that's a good idea or not. I don't know if you think that's a good idea or not.SighSigh (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door)no audiono audio I don't know how to do my homework, but I'm going to call you soon.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicno audiono audio Thank you very much. I'll let you play a role in this game, I'll let you play a role in this game. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. Okay, so if I'm not okay, so I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I That's it. Okay. Okay. So, so.INAUDIBLEsilencespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language Yeah, I'm going to be in a beautiful resort to the Baltic Sea. I'm going to Amsterdam, don't you want? Yeah, I'm going to Amsterdam, I'm going to keep it. I'm going to keep it. I'm going to take some. I'm going to take some. I'm going to take some. I'm going to take some. I'm going to take some. Yeah, I'm going to take some. I'm going to take some.inaudibleMusicMusic All the stuff at the end of the week.MusicMusicno speech detectedno speech detected If you're not in the second check, then you have to be in the second check, but you have to be in the second check. If you're not in the second check, then you have to be in the second check, but you have to be in the second check, but you have to be in the second check.MUSIC I think it was a bit too much. I think it was a bit too much. I think it was a bit too much. I think it was a bit too much. I think it was a bit too much. I think it was a bit too much. I think it was a bit too much. I think it was a bit too much. I think it was a bit too much. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing Oh, no, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait And he counts on the Richter-Metis or Sons. We're going to count on the next one. Not as much more counting. So...Clock ticking I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going I'm going to start off with something like this, I'm going to start off with something like this. I'm going to start off with something like this, I'm going to start off with something like this. I'm going to start off with something like this, I'm going to start off with something like this. I'm going to start off with something like this, I'm going to start off with something like this. I'm going to start off with something like this, I'm going to start off with something like this. I'm going to start off with something like this, I'm going to start off with something like this.silencesniffsilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to skip this one. I'm going to put on the same amount of video, I'm going to put on the call. I'm going to work in the next video and I'm going to shock you a little bit.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible You can see it's real straight in here. You can see what's shown in one of the lines here. You can see it's real straight in here.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I hope this video will be on your next video. Bye. I just need to move it to the other side of the screen. To start as I'm going to do now, I won't probably use the other side of the screen, but I took the other side back for a pinch. I don't understand what you're going to do, but probably you don't know. I'm just going to talk to you for a minute and I'll tell you everything in a minute. I'm just going to talk to you for a minute and I'll tell you everything. I'm just going to talk to you for a minute and I'll tell you everything. I'm just going to talk to you for a minute and I'll tell you everything. (clicks) to the multilaykiwers, we are still the all right, you know, some of the vests in me very very very, and then as soon as you see everybody is half complaining to you, I'm so happy on having found the vests in you, but I'll hold on, and I'll do my best, I'm pretty new to what to do with that too. that the things they all don't want to pay attention to or can't pay attention to. They don't want to pay attention to those ships. They don't want to pay attention to those ships. If you were a better person, then you would have to pay attention to those ships. Maybe you would have to pay attention to those ships. Silencesilence that there is no response. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm going to do a new one here, so I can put it on and it's going to look like it's not going to work. I'm going to do a new one here, so I can put it on and it's going to look like it's not going to work. I'm going to do a new one here, so I can put it on and it's going to look like it's not going to work. (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clacking) Hey, that's a... (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) I don't know why I'm not able to see that much in the place and shit. Oh, not so much. I'm just going to be able to see that much in the place.click (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you for watching. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, you know, the people who were looking for someone, like we, the people who were off those. So, the people who were there for the first time. So, I don't know if they saw it or not. I'm planning to show what we look at, and how we are going to do it.Pause I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. Time box. We'll have you to go over there for a bit so... It's all a test for you.silence (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We're ready to turn it on. I'll set it in a line. You know I'll set it in a line. I'll set it in a line. I'll set it in a line. I'll set it in a line. I'll set it in a line. I'll set it in a line.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, we're going to have a little bit more time to talk about the new system. So, we're going to have a little bit more time to talk about the new system. So, we're going to have a little bit more time to talk about the new system.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll be standing on the floor. I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything, I don't know if I can do anything I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I don't know what you got, but I'm gonna fix it. Sorry, she didn't pass, but she didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't pass, didn't I'm just going to ask for a little bit of it. I am going to go on and then we start with the end and then towards the roots. Put this moral text in it. I don't see it so too many of them are really not enough. I don't see it so many of them are not enough. I don't see it so many of them are not enough. I don't see it so many of them are not enough. I don't see it so many of them are not enough. I don't see it so many of them are not enough. I don't see it so many of them are not enough. (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You know, I've got to run, and I've got to do the main part of that, but I'll just get a bit of a second. There's some temperature here as well too. Can you take out some of the soap that I'll leave? What could be taking me? (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) by getting the same team.silencesilence I don't know how to do that. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I don't know how to do that. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I don't know how to do that. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I just need to go out as you see going to be. I'm going to take a few minutes to get the best of my friends to come and see what's going on. That's the end of the video, good to see you. I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will go to your computer, I will I'm going to push out of the results so I can get a period of minutes, and I'll do another one, okay? I don't know, I'm not going to have to add this one there. I'll pretend we're going to press that one in his ass. That's it for the... Silence Silence I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. So, let's send it down to the other side. Thank you very much. (sniff) Thank you very much. the . Silence SilenceMUSIC I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. Thanks for just building the same line as the rest of the house with the roof. Thank you for listening. Thank you for listening. Thank you for listening. Thank you for listening.inaudible I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So then I want to add it, so yeah, I said it was so fair, so I'm going to paint it on it. Good engine. Well, yes, I would mind passing it. The first thing you need to do is take a look at the map that's been affected in all abuse resources. Take a look at the map. When I was young, I was always a very old kid. When I was young, I was always with my cell phone, I was with my computer, I was with my computer. I was with my computer, I was with my computer, I was with my computer. I was with my computer, I was with my computer. I'm going to show you the rest of it. I'm going to show you the rest of it. I'm going to show you the rest of it. I'm going to show you the rest of it. I'm going to show you the rest of it. I'm going to show you the rest of it. (knocking on door)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible First of all, it's important that you see this.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to take a call and see if I can do that or I'll do it soon and then I have to fix it and get rid of it. I'll get rid of it and then I'll do that and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll fix it and then I'll I'm going to take a call and see if I can do that or I'll do it soon and then I have to fix it and fix it. Silence Inaudible Remark I don't know if you want to start, but I'll see you base up. I can't really need no new WNL, I'd like to have a WNL, but I can't really do that with...clickclickclickclickclickclick There was already a winter shift and we saw that day we had to start a new national team. It's a mid-shot team. It's a little bit blocked and that's a bit too bad we found. We saw that in the tent and we just got to try it. We just kicked out and said, "Ah, we're not going to be good kids." And I also said, "It's snowing. Stop this, don't just sit there, it's sick." I'm gonna need more of them. Emotional needs and also needs to be able to do it. So I may sound a little bit more. So I can read your letter. I'll read your letter. I'll read your letter. I'll read your letter. I'll read your letter. I'll read your letter. I'll flip it over to the other side. I'm not a big sounder thingy. But I love it. If you don't know, I'm really not going to miss it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing)silencesilenceLaughterLaughterSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language Silence Silence I'm going to use a little bit more of this, and I'm going to use a little bit more of this and I'm going to use a little bit more of this, and I'm going to use a little bit more of this and I'm going to use a little bit more of this, and I'm going to use a little bit more of thisINAUDIBLE So, we'll see you later.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilence I'm just gonna have to always be one of them.SilenceSilenceSilence I'm not going to get any personal information, I'm not going to get any personal information. I'm not going to get any personal information, I'm not going to get any personal information.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Okay, that's the last memory of the intelligence. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilenceINAUDIBLE You don't need a snail. (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no speech detectedno speech detected I'm sorry, not even it, there's only a bit here, the control button, but we also have a call to email, or a test start tomorrow, there's a lot of negative thoughts on the right and probably in the future that we will talk about, and I'll show it, and put in a test >> Okay, I'm going to say a few things, I'm going to say also a few things. >> Well, we don't need any of these. I'm like, you know, about a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a little or a (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudiblesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilence >> Well, see if you'll be able to do that with all the music. That's a massive issue.no audiono audiono audio Thank you so much for your time, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank I'm going to add a new layer of depth to the whole map. I'm going to add a new layer of depth to the whole map. I'm going to add a new layer of depth to the whole map. I'm going to add a new layer of depth to the whole map. That can't do for real, sure, and I can't even fit the alien in it, but I'm going to do it for real, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm just going to do it with the other ones. I'm going to do this with the other ones. I'm seeing all the doubts of y'all, something. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to start from here, right? There you go. So, wait a minute. I don't want to get too close to you. I don't want to get too close to you. I'm going to wait a minute. I'm going to start from here.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) And so I can still start and then you'll be set to a new beginning and you'll be told what it is. It was all that I had to do, it was all for you. What would you want to do with this? I have to say that we have a new beginning and a new video. But it's not that I'm still going to be able to do it in my own way. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)Sounds of the audience talking in the backgroundSounds of the audience talking in the backgroundSounds of the audience talking in the backgroundSounds of the audience talking in the backgroundSounds of the audience talking in the backgroundSounds of the audience talking in the backgroundSounds of the audience talking in the background (speaking in foreign language) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music)INAUDIBLE I'm going to let you all know that this video is going to be a good soon to end. I'm going to let you know that this video is going to be a good soon to end. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I have not done it yet. I will not be able to do it. I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird, but I think it's a little bit weird,silencesighs I'm not going to be able to do that. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what to call it, but I think it's just a little bit more fun than I thought it would be. I'm going to play a little bit more, so I'm going to... I don't know if you know what I mean or what I mean, but I do. I have to do it all the time. I have to do everything I want to do. I have to do everything I want to do. I have to do everything I want to do. Yeah. But I don't have the mood. I have the mood to stop saying those from happening, and that's what you all call them that say they were too bright and stuff, and they use their own items, and that's the only thing that was these styles, and I can't talk to all the... So, let's do this. We're going to take a compotty look. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's just that it was a good thing, and so it was written, it's open, it's a mess, it's a... *sigh* What's going on in this week? I don't know, I don't know what's going on in this week. I don't know what's going on in this week. I don't know what's going on in this week.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs So, I'm going to start with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit So, we're going to see what we're doing right now. We're going to see what we're doing right now. We're going to see what we're doing right now. Thank you. Thank you very much. What? Did you see the light in the car? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.Music I'm still... I think that this is a situation where two people are together, I know a situation where two people are looking at each other. That's the situation where two people are looking at each other. You know what I'm talking about? and then we have another person who is going to be left with the rest of the game. We are going to have to go to the other one. We are going to have to go to the other one. We are going to have to go to the other one. We are going to have to go to the other one. We are going to have to go to the other one. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Yeah, I don't know if I can help. He's up too soon, I'll see. I don't know if I can help him. I'll be right back, I'll be right back. With all the caffin, I'll be right back. I'll be right back. If you will, then that's what you can really look at. Coming. That's a bit too much of a lot for you. and set for me. I'm going to send you an email, you have to collect it, you have to wait for it, and then you can go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go to the bench, you have to go I'm going to do that in a moment. I'm going to do a little bit of the right side. I'm going to do a little bit of the right side. I'm going to do a little bit of the right side. I'm going to do a little bit of the right side. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Pause I'll see you there while I'll see you there, let's go up on this, come in a moment. You don't know how many girls you don't know if they're mishlaking. I tell you that the effect here is not that bad, it's very strong, it's a bit of an effect, so many things are less and less, because of the effect of the effect. It's less, because the effect is less, because it's less and less. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. Again, I'm in the video, so I'll see how that works on for you guys. Thank you for watching.MusicMusic I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, but I don't know if I can do it, I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now, I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now. I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now, I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now, I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now, I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now, I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now, I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now, I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now, I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now, I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now. I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now. I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now, I'm going to have to do a little bit more for now. Thank you very much. Silence Inaudible Remark What the hell did something like this happen? What the hell did something like this happen? Because we also have a lot of plots and a lot of it is a lot of shouts. It must all be somewhat the same individuality as some of them. Because the Delta system, the duality, the low-key system, is not available. There can be a problem with that, because it is not available. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, noMusicMusic Silence So, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more. So, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to So, we're going to slow down a little bit more, we're going to slow down a little bit more. class for men. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, but I don't know if you are curious, We are not sure. We are not sure. We are not sure. We are not sure. We are not sure. We are not sure. We are not sure. We are not sure. We are not sure. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilence I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole and I'm going to make a hole in the all over town, and one town on the map, and then I drive my other platform and then move to the left leg. To do homework is a long town on this. So that's all three years, it must have worked, and it's acting as awesome, and I'm a little bit worried about something like that, because it's a really short town coming soon. It's a miracle, it's a miracle that we can do it in the past. But it's a miracle that we can do it in the past. It's a miracle that we can do it in the past. We're going to do it in the future, and that's why it's not a miracle. It's a miracle, and what about the negotiations over the world, where we have two patents, so much energy, wealth and wealth? Well, face to face, that's all this that we have here in recent, and of course Then, after that, we are going to do the same thing that we did in the previous video. We are going to do the same thing that we did in the previous video. We are going to do the same thing that we did in the previous video. We are going to do the same thing that we did in the previous video. We are going to do the same thing that we did in the previous video. We are going to do the same thing that we did in the previous video. We are going to do the same thing that we did in the previous video. We are going to do the same thing that we did in the previous video.INAUDIBLE It's been a dreadful chaos from home. The other part, I didn't see it as a shield, but it didn't happen there. I think that's all I can do. I want to have my own faith and my physical world.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> The feeling of that, right? >> The feeling of that. >> What's the reason you're making this? >> The reason you're making this. It's a bit of a resistance, it's a resistance at the moment, at the TMI, it's about the other side. It's a part of the attack, if you don't put it in your pocket, you can put it in your pocket. (speaking in foreign language) So I'm going to start off with a video on the telepathic side and I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it with the most important details So I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I'm going to do a little more, I So that's all I have to do with the most important details is the most important details and I'm not here to answer any of the questions, I'm going to play the other thing as we have a ritual contest all year round here, so this is an important contest. We need to be in the next session. I'm saying the f***. for your dear sister, sister, who wants to think about it. Thank you very much. you Thank you very much. You can see that you have to go through the door with the door closed. Maybe you have to go through the door with the door closed. Maybe you don't have to go through the door with the door closed. (speaking in foreign language) That's all I have to say, if you don't know that, it's not like that, that you'll have to leave the screen. We'll find out if we're going to do a great job of thinking about that. That's all I have to say. So I don't know if all the things I've been doing was a dirty sort. Because I think I'm going to get up from college, but I've seen nothings.silencesilencesilence >> Nice.silence Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more. Don't tell me no more Don't tell me no more. You might see it. Thank you for watching. Look, I'm sitting there, I'm going to go through the mirror. It's not working, it's going to be a mirror for me, I'm going to go through it. So you can't go to the station all the time. I can't go through the mirror. I don't need to go through the mirror. I think it's a little bit of work, but this is the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, I think it's the end of the video, of presents, back on the other side of the wall, I'll tell you a little bit about it. I can't say that I'm alive, but I'm not sure if I can save it. I can't say that I'm alive, but I can't say that I'm alive, but I can't say that I'm alive. this one next time.MusicMusicsilencesilencesilence So...silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You will know the color of it. You will know the color of it. So, we're going to play a side-to-play, we're going to be playing a lead role to the hats, Got things for you in the middle of the clock, so I'm going to leave you in all the year. I don't know if they are funny or not, but I'm sure they are. I don't know if they are funny or not, but I'm sure they are funny or not, but I'm sure they are funny or not, but I'm sure they are funny or not, but I'm sure they are funny or not, but I'm sure they are funny or not, but I'm sure they are funny or not. That's okay. That's what I want to say, but I don't think so, and I don't think I can understand it. It's not always that much different from what I can do. To me, I really want to know what kind of mood I have, what kind of person I have. I don't have a card, I don't know what kind of mood I have. I'll just put some meaning in the last one. of proportionality, bone discrimination, and in fact we have a lot to do in the other labs, where we can see the difference between the two and the two that are not available for you, and then the discrimination is implicitly done. That's the other way around. You can also go up to the top of the head, if you want to do something now. You can also do the other things, because I always expect that it will work. I don't have any other options. I don't have any other options. I'll be there until I'm here.SighsSighsSighsSighssilencespeaking in foreign language You can see.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilence We don't want to go outside, so we want to see how we're going to go outside, okay? Okay, we're going to meet in the next place.sighsspeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagesniffing I'm gonna get pushed off to the surface.no speech detected I'm going to go to the next project, where I'm going to see the situation and all of the things I've done in the past. I mean, it will just halt it. If I don't do that, I'll have to do it on TV, but I'll have to do it on my dad's face. But I don't do that. I'll have to do it on my own. I think it's all because of the old things. All right. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I don't want to do it again, but I have to follow the key to where the mouse is, so I'm going to do it in the next video. Thanks for watching. What I don't know is that I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don't have to go, I don This will let you notice the veil. Right on the move. One of the spots, and there's a few of our rooms, one of them, one of them, one of them, one of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's a few of them, and there's Almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states, almost for most states And, do I kill him or do I have to figure this out? I don't think I can do it. So, you can see it. You want this? Yes. You want this? You want this? Yes. You want this? Yes. You want this? Yes. You want this? Yes.silencesilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC We did it! We did it on the last time. The use is not locked, not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, it's not locked, For example,Music And I couldn't, yeah, she's on a curvil room, no altering heathed, and no altering heathed the way he used to machine up, but no matter where I am, I need him to know me, no altering being on, came up with freedom. I'll see you in the next video. Thanks for watching. (keyboard clacking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clacking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to do a little bit of the work. I'm going to do it all the way, I'm going to do it all the way. I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way, I can do it all the way I'm going to do it all the way, I'm going to do it all the way. I'll see you later. Merry Christmas.MusicMusic Silence Inaudible Remark I'm going to put it back on. I'm going to use my... ...dryer units to the... ...crop in the opposite. (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing)no speech detected There's got to be something. Oh, please, hold on. I'm double up. I'm double up.Sounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door opening (knocking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesighsinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected