[00:01:15.99] OneOdio FM1:	no audiono audio I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know What are you doing?Clock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksMUSIC Silence Silenceno speech detected That's what I'm going to do now, right now, that's it, that's it. Silence Silence But when I was a child, the time of the war was not that long ago, but I was able to do it. The one to eat. So, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I'm going to do the other one, I No. This had a very old time in Marie, but now we want to build a bridge for some camera. Ten minutes of flight. That's the way. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. Thank you very much.silence Still.silence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry the proper height to work at the lower key and lift up when we think about the proper height should be proper high and thick, and a maneuver that I will think of for crowds over its attack on any contact band, model the operating up to current lengthen when we are tanking on this well. Only then. But this I know key is on the side and now I'm going to do it to space and to sort into the area and to fly and to I don't know what to do, but... No. Come on, and then I'll have to go back to the bathroom, and then I'll have to think about how to go back to the bathroom. I'll just go back to the bathroom, and that's it for today, and if you want to try it out, then of course you can do it in the other way, and you can just speak it out to each other, and that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that And this, this, this, this simple, easy, simple space and space, okay. Bye, and look, when they come for some time. and I'm not necessarily so much. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> This is very large.inaudibleno audio Silence Silence Yeah, like, oh, that's because you made me, you made me, you made me and so they love you a little bit, and I'm always looking for an angle to justify your mystery of me. You're in the past to go away. You're not going to have to mention that significant you're not in. I'm going to move it. It's going to be a little bit longer.silencesilenceINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) There are still sweet house people, wastage, this kind of pumpkin, but I'm really getting a lot of fun. Okay, okay, go on. Oh my gosh. Don't be late for long. I'm just be done.silencesilence Oh, that's a good one. Yeah. Yeah. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. Silence Silence Thank you very much. I think I didn't just use this, this, this, and there's all this since again, and then after that I know that this is just not to pay me stressening, and now I call the right hook, it's convinced me enough. But I know I know it's a little snuff here, shits, I have to talk myself, because I don't remember, but I know I know it, but I have to laugh myself, not make it a good note, but there's somebody else who's gonna be there. anything at any moment now I can always remember need to complete me in the link that I should explain something for it to be you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know whatno audiono audiosilenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (camera clicks) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds You took it, you're so. Silence SilencesilencesilenceMUSICno audioINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We just don't have lines in this little step going forward. Two to train the volume. Two to train the volume.inaudibleinaudible to point this. This is something I miss. You can't just... ...pull out any shoes to be. This is something I'm thankful for. For everybody and the generations to come. We give them many choices, anything, everything is...silencesilence So, my students are on the first round. Next time, you'll remember me. Now I hope you understand. Don't write a film online. Silence Silence and eventually sign up to your love tip when it's time for time changes and you're standing up out of Canada and sign up and you're fine. Also love that time change. What's still possible in the future, when certain things are final and cannot be done, what that profound comes from? This is what reminds us to understand certain choices, modes, needs, and then they become irreversible. No matter what happens. This means that certain choices made today, in the matter of what happens in the future, and the content of the content seems, there's no future. I never did me do. So I want to get more stuff in the snow+1 and that's the climb guaranteed. The shusts we know left and the universe. 12. The panel display in it as well. So what you do now is the size. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) So if you're as excited as the mother, if you're as excited as not something that is something that can already be understood, come here and do it. (indistinct) (indistinct) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) Silence >> According to President, this big change, as far as I like, Since it was 12 times, this is a total loop change here and it's happening. Every time changes, try to correct the where the wrong is. Each time there is this point in the history of mankind and mankind tries to get control on everything. Every time this happens this is the onset of the decline, and every time this correction happened I think oh no we need to know how to get best of us. for all of the things. Close your own horribly, make mine every time it's correction at the last. It's earlier in the future, because of course you want to do it before the last thing that you didn't correct in the right way, and every time you do that, what do you see? still a bit more stupid, civilized, and it can translate into something as each time mean or mean, less technical maybe, but it gets compensated with even more of this stuff. So now you don't have the time to change the technology to change your memory. This is worse than anything on the second ball of our game world, nothing was there, this in you may not be true, nothing, this is what is now done. Good luck. How are you thinking about it? If I try to explain it in detail, if I try to say go and check this in the scientific description. Okay, I guess I say I want to go and do the research myself. So, just...clicks Okay.silence I am to change the memory, the mind control technology that existed around the year 2002 on the 2.3 on the space on the fact that noise very loud to exist and when we were not blind to docturne, to global, even fascist or stale. I think that will happen, or that this time a few seconds back before that all he moved. The change in the brain, all that person, so that all of knowledge. All the time, all the time, all the time. No, I didn't do it. See how insane this gets? That's why they use time to change. I'm sorry, I didn't tell you. It's a clear, not to make you believe that there's a lot of respect. No fix it anymore. Dude, if she gets also a bit insane, she forgets to her, that she has a remote control and a hand or whatever again. She dies and then they're changed, plus. Okay. Centuries. That's the slide you're going to do. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. It's just so long that I can go to the clip and I just put it in the one. I'm going to go to the other side and I'm going to go to the other side and I'm going to go to the clip. Okay. Okay. I am ashamed to be alone, you cannot say this, be not ashamed to be alone in your So one thing is clear, this obsession with ctrl does not work, this is the pattern that every time, whenever they change something, it's control obsession makes it all. That is why I propose to a different way. Don't try to control and make yourself believe that you control everything, controls and abuse. We need to grant or grant the opportunity to come from chaos, diversity, innovation and go for constant growth. No matter what is possible, we've done it the last 200 years. We know it's possible, it's a lot of it, it's a lot of struggle, it's a lot of diversity possible, but the number of humans sitting on the planet, rockets in the sky, and they all somehow, most of the time, I must have been able to feed. Something must be going right. (keyboard clacking) Silence Today is empty take. Any map of the world will see there's a couple of strokes where humans live and above that there's forest or this ice or this emptiness. Countries that have very little people living in them. The Countries that well, we didn't really knew how to live there before, was to eye, was to dry, was to cold. So now we can perfectly possible now, we think the plan is full, the plan is empty, the only problem is that there's too many arguments, too many people who don't really know what to argue about because they argue about it.CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK