[00:00:00.00] OneOdio FM1:	(keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Music (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) We are waiting for the last team in the club to start having fun at the race, but at the moment, we are waiting for the first team to start having fun at the race, but at thePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence >> Good sir. >> We're going to sit and hang alone, long time. got to dive in and you don't need anyone to do the rats, just do the new one shot. Thanks for watching. you Thanks for watching. You wish for the atmosphere. Thank you very much. you Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silence Music Speaking in German I don't know if you can see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) There is a fetish in that. I'm going to put a piece of it in the middle of the room. to this. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silence Let's see.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible That's a shot. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilence MusicSilenceSilenceSilence Background noise >> Could you see this here, Luis? Like, uh, system of the monkeys.speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language I'm going to put it on the top right side. I'll be right back here. or they may shun, that's what we have to look to, that I can... So, I system, can I pick up... (Pause) (Pause)MusicMusicMusic Pause >> No, the bird keeps its -- it's going to be a bird in transition. Thank you so much for your time, and thank you very much for your time. The fact that it is serious, like it is now, is because a great part of this hidden organization is completely different from what we can see. So, this is the theme of "Demaphiosin". I'm off yet. I'm really setting the bar mental. Morpheus.MusicMusic to see if I can do this. to make certain things, so there are two things. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Shackle. This is what's about to happen. sub-t3-3-4-4-3-4-3-4-3-4-3-4-3-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4- Once again, I'm going to turn it on. Once again, I'm going to turn it on. Once again, I'm going to turn it on. Once again, I'm going to turn it on. Once again, I'm going to turn it on.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silencesilenceinaudiblesilenceno audio I don't know, I started building the walls of the city to move on to the other side of the city. I'm going to start building the walls of the city to move on to the other side of the city. Silence Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLE I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I don't know if I can get out of here or not, but I'll see you in the next one. Thank you so much. Thank you. >> Damn this. Silence Silence Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) 16 and children will go to the 8-9-year-old, but there are some of them in the end. So the better way to do that is to get a new one from the company. So we will have to get the three of them, then the 18-year-old and the 18-year-old is also the same. So the two of them will have to go to the school, we can go there, we can go there, we can go there. So we will have to go there. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPausePause I'll send you the next slide, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one,Music Inaudible Remark Pause Pause Silence It's not a stench, it's a shame. No, it's all, it's all, it's all, it's all, it's all, it's all, it's all, it's nothing, it's your flat-lead-go-lead-jance. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Sorry. Silence Silence Silence Silence But he does share the chat with you, but he's saying to shorten it. We'll take a piece. Let's get back in. We'll go home. Yeah. See you home. See you tomorrow. See you tomorrow. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.PausePause I'm 22 years old and I see what we are. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. We are in the beginning of the year. That's so good for Christmas. It's been 20 years, it's been a pleasure. It's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it's a pleasure, it It's been 20 years, it's been a pleasure. So to my next and most of the audience, it's a 3-year-old 30-year-old now. I'm technically a bit like a person put on beach and 30-year-old dress and 20-year-old dress, and I can't deal with dress like that. 30-year-old is very much famous. Yes, very much. Three-year-old is thinking, "You know, I don't do that. I'm not off to work." And four-year-old is still alive. Yeah, that's a big mark. (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It doesn't mean you had this from joke, yet, from the songers and his sirens. Fennel? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Speaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music MusicINAUDIBLE You have a new created tip in the ongoing. In fact, this is the first time that I have to go through a lot of problems. I have to say that I have to go through a lot of problems. So that's 2020, and I have to say that the last time I have scored a goal, and that's why I have scored the greatest tip of the world. Stargazing from Miles Hicks.MusicMusic ♪ Just like for a draft you make me sound ♪ ♪ Like a glass with a broken window ♪ ♪ Just like I see my heart ♪ ♪ Just get to all ♪ ♪ They say no, 'cause they say no ♪ ♪ I don't know ♪ ♪ All of us ♪ Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic Music Music Singing Singing Singing Singing Singing Singing Singing Music Musicinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So when you are here, I'll see you in person, I'll see you in the next one. and all this is going on in the afternoon, and by the way, I'm going to talk to you in the next couple of minutes. Not sure why you're here, if the experiment is so even less from the family, from the family, from the family. Or if the patient is healthy, they have a 20,000-year-old customer, so they will be able to do so. So it's going so better than even if they were both on the press in the air. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMUSICINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible about the professions made in folk, similar to D.K. I hope you have all of you. If you have any ideas for a magazine or a media, or you want to relax for TV, or you want to get a job there, or you want to get a job there, or you want to get a job there, or you want to get a job there, or you want to get a job there, or you want to get a job there, or you want to get a job there, or you want to get a job there, or you want to get a job there, or you want to get a job there, or you want to get a job there, or you want to get a job there, Pause >> Europe 8 is equal back in the golden and the training ends directly to back 528. >> Inaudible Remark >> Inaudible Remarksilencesilence I'm sure it's the end of it. I'll take the notebook and then I'm sure that it won't come in. Pause . . .silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilence Oh, it's specifics. Call him, we're supporting him. That's the city that we call the airport, so I am. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence If you want to do this, you can see what they are trying to do, but then you will take the first program to take a ship. If you want to do this, you can stop it if you want to do this at the out. I'm working against what they are trying to achieve. I have a misunderstanding that they are trying to achieve. So, there's just this moment. Love us. I don't really know where global fascists are, but I think I just find a good way to I think we could go wrong now Thank you very much for your time, see you next time.Music I'm going to put a few on here. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We'll have a damn meet for that page. and for because they are not mailing or in directly by else like they are not in the stores. So I'm going to sign this and see more of that. to make the direction. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. You show it to me and stop it and you see it's better to show it inside so persistent. Just be careful and think about it yourself when you master some of the things in his mind. Not about to be dangerous. You will destroy anything and anyone without thinking which shows you means you need to try to turn yourself but that's not something you can't solve with me Silence >> Um. Silence Silence Silence It is up for it to see now, so soon. It is up for it to see now. Thank you for watching. I didn't want it to do that. I'm going to show up on the R8 and the R12, the Unity S8. Just a little bit more. Everything to this chapter is being blocked out of it, everything is blocked out of it, but every time there is always the same guy that will do this, everything will do, the chain of certain bits, I'm just going to run out of it. I'm going to block up some of those things first. Well, we're all thinking about this series, so I'll let them verify what the camera's on, options when you start calling some other things with the series that are going to need to think of that only. So, there's a very dark view of it. So, if you ask, is it true or not, and you can be a mattress, it's true, it's still a lot of love, and then you ask. Silence Silence I'm not going to do that. is a return to your service, to another and another as possible, you can still just do the print thoughts in this room.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't know, I'm just painted and I erase it sometimes, I don't have a filter again, I just don't think, till I will see you later. I don't know, come up with all the things that I don't see. I'm sure that... When you say, "Oh, I'm just going to do my own little girl role."silencesilencesilence Well, definitely the first thing to try, I would think, you don't want to sit and show it, so I get the first thing to try.silencesilenceinaudible So, today I'll start. Of course. I'm going to take a shot with this. I'm going to take a shot with this. I'm going to take a shot with this. I'm going to take a shot with this. I'm going to take a shot with this. I'm going to take a shot with this. I'll stay right in the couch. We don't sit in the cell, we don't sit all the time, we sit in our pillow. We don't sit in the night, we don't.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Okay, so this is the first version. SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudible Silence So it's a very good conclusion, and like this.SOUNDMUSIC (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence I already did a bit of not-segmenting. Let's see. Well... I don't see much of what I did. I don't see much of what I did. I don't see much of what I did.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you very much for your time.INAUDIBLESOUND I'd like to ask you a few more questions, because we're also part of the anti-plank COVID-19 pandemic. For example, in the Konnerhousen, I don't think it's a problem. For example, we're going to talk about the corona crisis. A problem that has been asked by the WHO, the package will be directly sent to us by the government. We're going to be able to solve this problem. and we will certainly be able to make it to the end of the 15th century, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do, and that's all we have to do. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) out with the steamers started to go off and the nets on the building lots of dust and (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) to be speaking at just so this way, hey? (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMusic Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Music It's still a child's good time, so I can read music.MUSICMUSICMUSICMUSIC I heard you say it's a conflict, but I can't stand it. It's a conflict, but I can't stand it. It's a conflict, but I can't stand it. It's a conflict, but I can't stand it. It's a conflict, but I can't stand it. It's a conflict, but I can't stand it. It's a conflict, but I can't stand it. It's a conflict, but I can't stand it. It's a conflict, but I can't stand it. I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be right and shut, and I'll be (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. What? We're in the front. We're in the front. Small ones.MUSIC Inaudible Remark Background noisePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language)Pause MusicMusic Music Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) We are not going to be able to do anything in the future. From 15 to 18, we are not going to be able to do anything in the future. We are not going to be able to do anything in the future. We are not going to be able to do anything in the future. We are not going to be able to do anything in the future. We are not going to be able to do anything in the future. We are not going to be able to do anything in the future. We are not going to be able to do anything in the future. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic ♪ I'm afraid you'll die ♪ ♪ Let's move on to the new year ♪ ♪ Let's go on to the new year ♪ ♪ Let's start with our friend ♪ ♪ We'll start with our new year ♪ ♪ We'll start with our new year ♪ ♪ There's some things all over the world ♪ ♪ Love that seeers ever said it's all about love ♪ ♪ Love that seeers ever said it's all about love ♪MUSICMUSIC ♪ Thank you ♪ Music Music Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) the Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, and then we have the first one, and then we have the first one, and then we have the first one, and then we have the first one, and then we have the first one, and then we have the first one, and then we have the first one, and then we have the first one, and then we have the first one, and then we have the first one, and then we have the first one.MusicMusicMusic I'm going to set my wallet in a little bit to the cashier implement, and I'm going to Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLEPause Silence Silence I'm going to go back here again, and I'm going to do this on top of the teetment. I'm going to do this on top of the teetment, and I'm going to do this on top of the teetment. Silence Inaudible Remark >> Because I'm palpable, that's the only thing. Silence do it for me, so I'll have to do it for you. (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The fact that you have a sensitivity, an option, and a clear sensitivity, not so sure. Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence sure you get it all outinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence >> Yes, but fine. You didn't see the U.S.A. Colour of Coragion. I'll keep the rest of the game to the point where you see the upper version of the game. Take a moment, I'll keep you again. I'll come back to the side and then I'll back to the separate tour of the moment. Let's just add a little bit of the... ...upset. I'll check it out a little. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.MUSIC Background noise Background noise Background noise Background noisesilencespeaking in foreign language So that's all for today's video, see you next time. Silence Background noise Background noise I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one.inaudibleinaudible Next on this very day we are going to see good news. Good news to you all, and there will be six and a half minutes to see if it's going to be so long and two and a half minutes to go. See you later. Bye bye.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible SilenceMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.MusicMusic Silence Silence Silence I think it's a little bit more free time out, because you'll want to do some sort of new certain, I think it is also a little bit more free time out, but I think it's a little bit more free time out, but I think it's a little bit more free time out, but I think it's a little Thank you very much. I'm gonna put some on there. Don't look. I'm gonna put some on there. I'm gonna put some on there. I'm gonna put some on there. I'm gonna put some on there. I'm gonna put some on there. I'm gonna put some on there. I'm gonna put some on there. I'm gonna put some on there. I'm gonna put some on there. Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to do the pass over, I'm going to do the pass over, I'm going to do the pass over. (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) The ultimate sign of their log of the junk in the world found in up to the first 7. The ultimate sign of their log of the junk in the world found in up to the first 7.silencesilenceMusicMUSICMusicMusic (knocking on door) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)inaudible Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audioMUSIC Music (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audiono audio I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before. I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before, I'm going to use the same method as before. Please. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silence I'm looking at you all the time. Now I don't make it up, I need to install it, but I'll have to run it in there, and I have to move it all the way. Now I'm going to start the first step, and I'm going to start the first step.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking)silence and only they may start us from now. To the natural, to the natural, to the end.silence Silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence So, we see the system on the screen, the design notes, the lightnings as well, but if you look at the screen, you can see the lightnings as well, and that's it, this is it, this is it. Silence Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Thank you very much. I'm going to sit here with you pretty soft and I'm always excited to come and work with you just so that you can feel the touch of your head.silenceinaudibleMusicMusic Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence We have all of our members here, then what are we going to do? I don't know if the police don't have a lockdown or a welfare system, but I hope the police don't comment anything. Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause By any event, it's all about the last time I've been missing the deflow room, the cake, the wall of the tent, the sister wall of the room, the cream of the nutric room, or a nut on the wall, or to the dummies, so I'm just not ready to go on. down my arm I will need to use a top technique to start to a top technique just fair this and simple just fair this and simple just fair this and simple Let's see this one. Oh, yeah.SighsSighsSighsSighs Silence Silence Thank you for your time. and you must put first or sienna to the other one, and I'm not super cracked enough so. I'll teach you another one. I don't know if it will be okay. and so on, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun, it was a lot of Next we'll show the contacts, but we can add a small mix and tell the usual to the contact. Silence I'll tell you a bit more about the company so more of some. (mimics sound) (mimics sound) So we need to do what to do in the center size. You You You You You always belong to there, it's most of the dead and the dead and the dead, with that. Silence Silence Silence Silence So, how do I do in your head? What? It's a little bit of a jurisdiction in my... My head, I think. When you input a balance, you want a bit. My... Two-partistic in my table. What do you see? There's a lot more correct about it. Just not to make it a little better, it's a total sense of survival issues. Alright, we'll see you soon. you you Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, why? Is it because I'm in the ball? You're speaking on the right, isn't it? I don't know. I'm really, really feeling bad. You You Silence I'm just going to do it to match. Now I feel the tone of the volume of the volume of the volume. I was alone in the dark. >> No. I'm going to ask you not to read it. I'll read it for you. I'll put it for you without the blood coming on me. I'll read it for you. I'll read it for you. I'll read it for you. I'll read it for you. I'll read it for you. I'll read it for you. I'll read it for you. I'll read it for you. Silence I'm going to ask for the ticket now. What do you want to do there in the answer? I'm going to ask you to take the bill and tell you what you're going to start with. I'm not telling you to go and go and tell you what you're going to do. I'm going to give you a tip on that. I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it,silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm not sure if I can do it.silencesilence But here the band was useless all of it. I think that for all your works, I'm not nuts.MusicMusic SilencesilencesilenceSilence Go on and say it in the language is different from what I do so worse.Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silence We're going to turn it down. We don't know. Ah. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.SilenceSilenceSilence Silence (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) So correct, then why I'd be trying to prevent exactly this and everything. Silence Silence Anyway, that seems to be the most fluidist, and I am still trying to find it, for example. So what I suggest is that if you don't know what you're saying, if you're a station that's terms of law, you need to be extended to whatever territory you're in to the beginning of the year. just territory responses and then the law enforcement police and so we need to have the means to do something about it when you go to the rules but just disconnecting the bad guys shouldn't that work? I'm working on the top of my team to enjoy the work. saying just common sense applied existing law to liberty alone for persons and well that is being summed up on the loyalty back to society, but it is just can't be called I don't know if you've heard of the message. Specifics for this think about questions like, what about privacy?PausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silencesilencesilencesilence Which is something Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedsilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (door slams shut) (buzzer) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence It's a terrific one, I'm missing it. We always hold our heads and we should sit down to meet each other's thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and thoughts and and see some defects end up double-turning or some other case. So long, and as I remember, I've just seen that good moment. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silence I'm gonna ask you about this. Silence The message of James. Yeah, I'm pretty good. I'm pretty good at this. I'm pretty sure. That's it in the end. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. I'll be right here. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.silencesilencesilence Come on.silence Silence Silence Silence Silence V, K, K. I'm going to put it on the rest of the end. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence I guess you're all right. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence the rest. If you want to be moving on in the channel, then please come out and take so so. Bye.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Feel unemful, firm. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Okay, so let's get 'em. Turn 'em out. Okay, let's get 'em. Oh. Scandinavia, girls.Musicsilencesilence Civil service and now it's sort of people who are victims of all those known civil servants. (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) Silence Silence So that's an induction or something. Yeah, and if there's a no-stie now, you can get a smush, really. You know, it's not like that. It's like a stumble. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like a nil-shig or something. Yeah, I hope it's in Fizzers. Yeah.speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language and the most important student I've ever had to stand in. So, feet are met in the form of the Albert Sturps, the Tony Palsy in the land, and got in a bus of all men's vows, Jacques Mons, and Vaux Nassie, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, feet for pre-recurs, felighites, maracosen, for silvie, jaag, and sing it, kruus, prugge, di stu be de honder de fiets, reden mit grottesomreros, and blotsoots, tussende kaktussen, in Mexico, ajae, in Mexico, jaa, haa, Yes, we need one, and if you don't, it's the content of the interview, so I found what it's all about, and it's the fact that you've got to be a giant, giant, giant, giant, giant, giant. So you think you should be a giant, a giant, a giant, a giant, a giant, a giant. MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark >>INAUDIBLE So look at what I've got here, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I think that's all I have to say and the public in the business market and for the country to be right, be prepared for all of the action on the right place. In the different states, we have been in the United States. In the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States. In the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United States, we have been in the United Yeah, baby, it's hard to see, can you lay it in my belly? Certainly, my belly can act so sweet. It's not bad. (laughing) Yeah, I'm the man who's been invented in America. (laughing) Oh, I can't believe it. (laughing) Well, baby, do you believe in a last toss? (laughing) Go fast out of here. Thanks a lot. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music SilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to have to go back to the merchant. I'm going to have to go back to the merchant. I'm going to have to go back to the merchant. I'm going to have to go back to the merchant. I'm going to have to go back to the merchant. I'm going to have to go back to the merchant. I'm going to have to go back to the merchant. I'm going to have to go back to the merchant. I'm going to have to go back to the merchant. I'm going to have to go back to the merchant. I'm going to have to go back to the merchant. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We can feel it in a beautiful place, but it's a great game. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm just repeating myself, so I guess it's not allowed to be with it, but I believe in it. If that also has been created, it will certainly do my young girl how I want that to be as simple in the two battles as simple and apparent, for the oppositional kiss, which is the worth and the cruelty we have found in producing it in our own ear, and to say it for an infinite kiss, back again for the ultimate of the nature of the universe and for producing it, part of the universe, and for your own, that is still all the support that I have for you. So I would like to thank you for your support and support for this project. Thank you for your support and support for this project. So I would like to thank you for your support and support for this project. Thank you for your support and support for this project. Jesus, the human being, really, on the last minute, and it is important that we use to respect that. Also, Jesus, the human being, really, is going to last. The concept of the house is about a house due to the whole future. I want to be even a fellow home of the human being for the house, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family, the human family I want to be able to spell a hold of new medicine, information, and all the other questions that we hear in the form of the house. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think that's the reason why I'm trying to move on, and since the people of the country are not doing anything to me, I want to make sure that we are able to make a decision, and I don't think that's the reason why I'm trying to make a decision. I think that's the reason why I'm trying to make a decision, and I think that's the reason why I'm trying to make a decision, and I think that's the reason why I'm trying to make a decision, and I think that's the reason why I'm trying to make a decision, and I think that's the reason why I'm trying to make a decision.Pause and the other of Austin's older age who's in the scene and the fact that he's a working guy who's sending the mic and all the stuff and loving death of the national island. The film's having been getting a screened text in a minute, which is a group, so I'm kind of seeing a step at the experience and then it's having a standard for both of them to get the age of my Hampton strikes in the top of me. I don't think it's going to keep on finding the stable catcher. and steps to master the approach to the windscap's walking across the offing in the stem and to build new batteries in both windscap's and so to do that we're planning ahead as that's the minimum arousal seed we can add. What is that done to both? It's done to build in the fields from the first time we've built a very bad 15-grand one. Within the long-distance, we've been able to make sure that we've done some so-called arousals to do this. We will be talking about the situation in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region. For six hours, we are learning about the cooperation of the expert group best under hand, and you can do it for the first time in our national group, or at the EKFOOTBAL, but now you are really... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) on the 8th of May, not 10 minutes between the mountains and the mountains. We know that the mountains between the jungle and the jungle are very difficult and can be solved, and on the 31st, we know that the mountains between the mountains are very difficult. On the 13th of May, not 24 minutes between the forest and the lake, we know that the mountains are very difficult and can be solved. and all at 12 minutes to see who we are and who we are. To get out of here in 10 minutes to get to the EVRGM and the EVRGM System, we will also have a different place to stay. Then we will go to the moment when we will get to 10 minutes. Did I show you? Did I show you? (upbeat music) MusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Music (speaking in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Music Music >> Yeah, you can just imagine that you can turn to your following the scene, follow the start and then you can see the other hand, the lyrics, the new record and the new video key ring, the new tool at that scene.speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language I can't know the other way around, but I'm sorry, I don't think I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the table or not, but I can't be on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on the podium, I don't know if I'm on Yes, that's true. It's fair to say that it's a good thing to do. It's a real thing to do, and to live with it. If you really want to think about it, and think about it, and think about it, and think about it, and think about it, and think about it, and think about it, and think about it, and think about it, and think about it, and think about it, I want you to see it from the cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross, it's not cross For the bait it's... yeah, it's a... yeah, and of the tricking of the method it's gonna go in the end of it, so then another another note is absolute. Yeah, I can play time. Yeah, okay, so we're in the next one.MusicMusicMUSIC Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.MUSIC Get to see! (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. That was a very good day to you, Professor. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Yes, we are different. Of course, we think that it is a very good thing to be able to do. We are different. We are different. We are different. We are different. We are different. We are different. Thank you very much. Yes. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and chip their minds, all of the dash, the mobile, the other half of the game. I am very happy to be able to stand on the hands of our country, the director of our country and the office of our country. I am very happy to be able to stand on the hands of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country, the office of our country I am very happy to be able to stand on the hands of our country and the office of our country and the office of our country, and they are not understanding what they are doing at home, so they are doing it at home. I don't know if they are doing it at home. I don't know if they are doing it at home. I don't know if they are doing it at home. So maybe they are not doing it at home. They are not doing it at home, and I hope that they are doing it at home, and I hope that they are doing it at home, and I hope that they are doing it at home, and I'm going to show you a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little and then we have a lot of questions about the concept of the game. We have a lot of questions about the concept of the game. We have a lot of questions about the concept of the game. We have a lot of questions about the concept of the game. We have a lot of questions about the concept of the game. We have a lot of questions about the concept of the game. We have a lot of questions about the concept of the game. We have a lot of questions about the concept of the game. We have a lot of questions about the concept of the game. We have a lot of questions about the concept of the game. We have a lot of questions about the concept of the game.speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language I was in the vorata, and I heard that in the 13th century, I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, and I was in the morning, We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. We have a lot of people who have been working on the land. (speaking in foreign language) I don't want to talk to you so much, but I want to talk to you a little bit more about what you're doing. I want to talk to you a little bit more about what you're doing. I want to talk to you a little bit more about what you're doing. I want to talk to you a little bit more about what you're doing. I want to talk to you a little bit more about what you're doing. I want to talk to you a little bit more about what you're doing. I want to talk to you a little bit more about what you're doing. I want to talk to you a little bit more about what you're doing. all this on-sword red, and of the take that you could now think of a piece that's what's in the line and what's in the line of the red shears, but it's true that it should work to you needs to achieve that scheme. Three, bend forward, and then she now all the good aspects of the moon, and that basic shield reddish, that is a new beginning letter. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) before, actually is a loathstone, not a toilet area. Here's how we're going to see the end of what is going on in the other side of the chair of the storyline, and as that is where it's going to take place, and you're going to get in some mass. See what I'm going to see, see what we'll see, and I got to see you with the lesson of Mario, how you went and going and believing in the rest of the story, and I'll see you on here, guys, and I'll see you on the next video. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence I'm going to send you all these boys a lot of interesting questions and simply I'm saying does it's set up. I think if I understand that we'll start from a right about this and it's on the right for the current conflicts, but not just, but especially when the toast abuse them, abuse there's obviously a conflicts, citizenship, so I might think of it, but abuse and victim, and touch, so there is a lot more, so it becomes a bit more peaceful, but the abuse is a part of the abuse for or whatever the name is or was. So then of course you have police weapons to beat up. Sorry, that's a visual. To apply the tape. They figure out who the target of the video is. That's not a good one. So... So... No answer, yes. So... So... So... So... So... So... So... So... So... Let us leave behind the course of the ATG stops trying to do research on humans, human experimentation, human experiments. This should be about both the limits of the system, the limits of the system, stops doing the human experience of real people. Well, it's here. Rationale that they keep on saying, "Oh, yes, we have to understand how to better indoctrinate seem to be immune for this indoctrination, no supermy hair amazic, it's also aware of this indoctrination because it needs to generate a global thing, so I know that and that and why would it undo this? Well, I would, I would have destroyed it. Resimulation and foreigners I guess it needs to figure out first that it's already and the visuals can be trusted together. I think that's a bit sloppy, so a bit of a chimney, and this is the one that's lined up in to see what the dining room is going to do. If there's still resisting the end of the optimization, what would they do if they no longer target individuals and the optimization doesn't work? I'm trying to make this done only make sense to restore the target in the videos, because other people would be indoctrinated, and ultimately be able to do much about it. So it's below if it's okay to If you have a target in visual abuse about this whole team, then indoctrinate it in the wild sort of a speak of kind of chances as he goes when you're tired. I'm trying to expose this... well, that is only about the sort of pre-condition provided that's... it still got to see what's... So it's telling you all that it's not really you and now it's doing it. But here in the show, so one of the groups and now it's like this, and the other one, the other one. >> I guess we should have brought those pedals all the time, and then we're on the base film.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE The other thing is that the information you actually have to stop was that the information is going to be published and it's might to record here as a whole actually might have been a really tough information that I was supposed to upload and get it and then we have it for us Because people like it, they don't need to be going through no finish. It gets to the level they have of them here and so on. Background Sounds Background Sounds (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry in the condition, the alternation of everybody else. So how strong, how much can be in the alternation? How good is it to open? So if neither one of the TI says, if he's the one not TI, he will acknowledge and it doesn't any matter of the years.silence Music So, the data is shown as if the synch was back, so if I assume that the inoxination is and there's all the idiots those. Seerus can then as a department, Morpheus, see T.I.s as those we know about their crimes because eventually, pop of all it's nolessness or anything else. So those are the comments, those are the comments, something on the right side of the screen. So if I'm using the police for a button only, collect some seed to get another one. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Well, I'm writing my mind to sign up to do what I think, that's the thing. So, I'm going to grab some of my tools and stuff to use and don't do much, and of course, when a thing gets announced, I'm not going to happen because then the commission I'm sorry, I have to be good to you. that go or something or how can it be announced if everybody gets conditions to not talk about it or open the appellate. Let's see all the time. Clearly there's a threshold there in terms of number of conflicts that need to be resolved. That'll kind of match with me fully again. and you have to do the whole bunch of corrupted items, but not feel like it needs to be running around. That's no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, So that's the canals of course. The other team will still be in Accelerator. So, almost, so I'm going to be lost. So, I'm going to be lost. So, I'm going to be lost. So, I'm going to be lost. So, I'm going to be lost. So, I'm going to be lost. So, I'm going to be lost. So, I'm going to be lost. So, I'm going to be lost.silencesilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Now there's also the fact that people are supposed to start doing most of the ripeties. But then they can't continue to notice dual existence, not getting clear from the issue. No, those are real. So, let me explain. I'm nation. I'm not saying I don't see a role when I'm using a slide, things are as this weird. It's just a musical. It's probably beyond it. So back to the topic of the day, most of the time, it feels like I should be enough. Planting with the ration and the welcome 5,000, but everything's so rare.Sigh So this should be an easy take action, my most trusted, most trusted, I'm telling you, I'm just not stupid, I don't want you to be stupid, I'm just stupid, I'm stupid, I'm stupid,no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected >> There's just a problem. There's no problem with the noise.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilence Thank you. see the more the bus thing we should course the bus thing we should course the bus thing we should course the bus thing we should course the bus thing we should course the bus thing we should course the bus thing we should course the bus thing we should course the bus thing we should course the bus thing we should course the bus thing we should course the bus thing we should coursesilence And alsosilencesilence Because it's so... So... So... So... So... So... So... So... So... So...silence Thank you, my person.silencesilencesilence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I think it's soft, I think. Pause Pause >> Worse than the worst. Silence Silence the the Silence Silence >> We're ready to start lifting, push your air to go up by the netting. >> All men with it. Silence Silence