[00:00:02.33] OneOdio FM1:	Silence I'm just gonna try to analyze it. and here what kind of voice is going from where, from which the video is switching to something else that might be better. So I want to first switch to some other thing that makes it into the free alternative and you can do this. Silence SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence >> Yeah, nothing else to say. Silence This church is only 10 years old, it tells me that it's not 10 years old, and this kind of church is not 10 years old. You don't have anything like it, you don't have anything like it, you don't have anything like it. So I know how to believe in the other stuff that I've supposed to believe in, just push me to... Oh, this first... This time I think... This is my last name. This is my last name. This is my last name. This is my last name. This is my last name. This is my last name. This is my last name. This is my last name. This is my last name. This is my last name. I'm Lyra and I'll try to play this currently, and I know you're on the channel.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence I'm going to be thinking that the single level already sets. It's not different. I'm actually going to make a query and I'm not checking. which is all that I'm going to talk about today. Thank you for your time. So, it's okay if I don't check right away because I'm not like, it's just quite it, I'm not seeing anything.silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Well, I want to show you that I was in Facebook, but still to say, solving the legal with us being a separate bomb, a separate bomb, a separate bomb, a separate bomb, a separate bomb, a separate bomb, a separate bomb, a separate bomb, a separate bomb, a separate bomb, a separate If you want to tell you are using a new technique of more invasive ecosystem, the next is affinity for the stress system. Then you can only lay out a bit of the stress system you own, so that was a good one. Can you distinguish the voice from our side with the wrong names? The arrow starts to become one. We must have come to the bottom of the English to fill in the English to the system. I just know. So the only way to make the arrow in the system is to close me up the English to the bottom of the system. I was supposed to start to accept one of the last tests to do in the knownness, again in the knownness. Very much in the evolution of the team. One of the last tests was watching out for that. I'm more close because it starts to be happening, and again, it made me nervous.INAUDIBLE and why is it that everybody is sent to the world, why can't we try to see what's happening in the world. and then we should be here and we'll probably also be finished like this as well.INAUDIBLE Just to let you know that there's no words on the new one, there's just something down in the video while you have a shot. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. So, the question is not so far, so is the audience. Silence We can treat me and I'll be the CEO of this, oops. The eventually I'll sit you down, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it, I'll run it I'll be the CEO of this, oops. the other two are systems in general, of course, we sent them. Maybe it's just all the insta fits into the Orion kind of thing. Something next to it, I'm not scared of it, just doesn't feel right. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. So, I'll just put this file over here so I'll just hold it in the side, and then And she's a kind of brownie thing for the rest of the world, she might be a little dark thoughts, quite a little senses. So, the person who turned around and turned down the switch. So, the person who turned around and turned down the switch. So, the person who turned around and turned down the switch. (mouse clicks) We're trying to get a few things. We're gonna go to shoes. So it's very easy to manage a list of all the cities we're going to be working on. I like the current difference state of the eyes of the state, because they are not present.inaudible I guess the Mary's is... *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* I'm not sure if I see them, but it is a problem. Expression is, of course, you know, it's a common shared memory. It's a connected memory, it's self-help and things. There's nothing in the conscience since you're a confederate. Silence Silencesilencesilence to see what it's going to do in this movement, because it's going to be a mission and it's going to be a sedated kind of thing.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence So, I'm going to put it in the center. So, I'm going to put it in the center. I'm going to put it in the center. So, I'm going to put it in the center. I'm going to put it in the center. I'm going to put it in the center. I'm going to put it in the center. I'm going to put it in the center. I'm going to put it in the center. I'm going to put it in the center. I'm going to put it in the center. It's not just fresh, nor because I need to know the distance, nor do I need to show theINAUDIBLE believe nothing else since what you do makes nothing out of all do all the cons it's not going to when I'm supposed to be the voice of something you need to hear and something to hear about me to make the music So I'm away from you all, in your style, I always feel superior than you, because you're only able to make a sense of anything. I see a lot of you actually know what I'm talking about, but I'm really going to start to back for the old voices again, I'm going to watch this, whatever this is, voice is coming up, start now, I'm going to back for my voice, I'm going to start with my voice, I'm sorry. from the world we're currently in the tech, so let's introduce them. Why? Why hold these impulsive souls in and of the endings going through those ups and downs?clickclickINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to be grateful for the malicious message that we've received from the content. I'm going to be about one. Thank you for having me. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence >>Inaudible Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence on the screen, on the side, and on the bottom, because you need more to this again, so your impulse. Thank you for watching.silence No. I couldn't start. I couldn't be 7-8-7. I couldn't finish it. Thanks. I'm going to say that I'm going to say this one. But I need to say this one right since we're going to say it together a long time. I'm going to say it again.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Thank you for watching. There's a cabinet question in the room, sir.SilenceSilence Silence Silence >> My goodness.silencesilence So, in the middle of the face, I think it's a little more irritating, but not yet, it's my collection. (coughing) until you're up the couch. I'm going to cut the crap down here and then I'll see what's in the middle of it. and then we'll see you guys again soon. I won't be slouching to make any kind of destruction, and simply that makes me the focus. I don't think I'm still making people believe that there are actual reasons for all of that sort of little format and as we've lost. you yousilencesilence I'm not sure if it's going to be cool. In the meantime, why don't you just try it? You can try the same thing as I do on the look. to me by the lot, so I want to just, I don't know. Silence SilenceMusicMusic to stop until you reach up your bed, just like you did that, which came to my head, as you mean you get to fall all the time and just to rise to a statement that's hopefully the same someone that you're still like you were in a child, taking the slow vices.silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible If you want to be that a person's role, if you forget that you want me to climb and try to make it, that's something that I'm going to do. That's something that I'm going to do. to be very close either, to make a little check on the base of it, using my self in the position, using my self in the position, using my self in the position, using my self in theinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible it's nice to see what you're doing, what are you seeing? So I don't know if to do just nothing to a shant. Silence SilenceMusicMusic I'm going to try again and again. So, I'll try to have a moment to come to the chat.silencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilenceinaudiblesilencespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language I guess. Silence Thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time. Contributions and King of Library, but except for...Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingINAUDIBLE You're manipulating your destroyer, okay? Then you talk them out, boy. You can talk about human trafficking and sex in the streets. I'll see you in a bit of inspection about what you're doing.silence Okay, we're on your map by extension, we're going on to start reload, and we're going to start reload. You Okay, we're going to start reload. I'm not sure how late I'm going to say it, you know, that's why we didn't such a name. I don't simply just say it. say it will not hold creation where it comes from. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence I've married for 120, well I'll wait for it. So I was in control of it because we set control not working like people write stuff.silence So well, there were, because I mean if it is, say, all governments not interested in the same thing. I mean it would be also weird if there is now critical voices to what they say, don't make me voting.MusicMusic You remind me now of this, this is a bit too slick and yet you are not realistic. with videos that's not the ice top is that are new generated some of the other ones that's new they just have this this future it's not a similar genuinesilence So what will it have in the other spring set? So yeah, but I suppose I have a whole team, and yeah, more of a beating out of it. I'm asking this to try to assess how it could sound, how it could provide this. to go because you're also inviting Mr. Beatingy looking for the first impression if you're selling him this has been gone out for a while. I'm sure that's not about the center of this. Give me a tool for that case. That was actually live. Actually, it was this. People have to think one and one about it, but it's actually impossible, and what it does is you do too. So then you have to explain what it is today, what it does today. and all of it, the risk balance of travel, you think of a child form, so I would like to try to suggest this, expose this through the Department of Mafia Tanks, and try to do this for just reason, and that is going on, control, and so on, I need to wash out from these criminal kind of area things, and then we have about control of consciousness.silence Silence Silence We'll go down there and take a close look. With a chorus of finishing. Why does it is no why does it but it's the way this must contain any such fear or fight? So there's only only Because it's always going to be people who will fight just because thisINAUDIBLE Again, oh, I don't know how to explain this. I killed a disk while I was streaming the measurement. So I'll make this necessary. Silence And a while ago, there was a real question, how to make all the information, through the cost and cost of the future plans available, when anybody compares to the other insights, will not provide an opinion to the European media channel, that's one of the others called one of the seven. to reassure the... this will continue to let people become suspicious again. Thank you for watching. you Silence Silence I'm not going to show you what to assess. I'll be boring at this.CoughingCoughing Because imagination will always go well, so that's should have the mouse if you're very possible to push it and you can already think of. Again, give the mouse a little bit more time to see if it's just you the mouse. I'm wanting to add some other subnose beyond this, so just a pure fact and then by the opinion I'm going to close the range.silence I'll start over. Okay, I'll save my address. Thank you.INAUDIBLEinaudible So I'm not allowed at this difference from what's ordered the standard term except, and I have the official document, I can speak with it, but so there's a file in the I'm sorry, I didn't mean to start here. or something else, it used to be.silencesilence You know me that PowerPoints, uh, you can be counting on, not doing one, but, I mean, if you channel single, there's 60 or so, I, I'll publish by this guy who is still in (indistinct) I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the So, I'm going to show it in a little bit more to look into it. So, listen.Music (coughing) Well, then you have had to Monday put some on the side of the TV, and you have to zoom in and see that the pixel's on a real bottom. So, it's enough to see you, you're so nameless. Should you then you create that for me? I could put a distance to show the ground in the danger, but I'm still there. I'm going to take a closer look at the ground, and I'm going to take a closer look at the ground in the danger. Pause >> Inaudible Remark Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Let's save the resourciant, let's translate it, or just in the alter term, the different language. It's same thing. You're too late to do all this, so you can do it here.silencesilencesilence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Okay. Thank you very much. I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just put it in here and I'll just >> That's the same as in your show. Yeah, that's the only way to go to the administrations, with the translation in theinaudible Silence Silence I'll read your code. Obviously, there has been a bit of a need to do something that is less normal. Silence Silence What's mine? I want to say this about to pass. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)silence Right then the lines are actually able to do this. It's well written down there. So, I think the reference is definitely Mentally, it's simply not able to do the wrong thing I'm showing that it's softball quality You know, but I think that's really of Apportioning andting And I'm still publishing this full quality stuff and my search is for quality stuff, but there really needs to be no no. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) I'm going to be quieting a little bit now, and I'm just going to let the shinnah know Thanks.