[00:00:00.01] Speaker 1:	(murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) Pause (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) Let's wait until the term is available. Silence. (I don't know what I'm saying here, sorry) (I don't know what I'm saying here, sorry) (I don't know what I'm saying here, sorry) Oh, and I need to speak English because otherwise this thing doesn't transcribe. It's using two microphones, actually three, because one is a stereo microphone, yay. Hello, yay. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence.silenceFrenchsilencesilence this little tool.inaudible Yeah, that's what I mean. We have a new arsenal of notes. Note. New arsenal of notes. New arsenal of notes.silence Okay, awesome. Maybe I just didn't remember it because of the other things, like all the slacks and handspun gadgets. I've seen it all online, but I've never seen it all go so easily online, because there's nothing about it. flying in over my bed. I would say. I assume you can hear my volume, that's good. Here you can see the settings, maybe maxi-wise time of changement But in fact all people, depending on what kind of connection you have, you can see it in a mirror Also something that is not possible with this kind of graphics So all people can't trust it which the client tells us is in the event called "future" and there's also so many more that I don't want to include for this high-fiber version but this one is so supersilence Thank you.silence for the rest of the video I don't know if you can see it, but I'm going to turn it off now, and I'll be back. I'm going to turn it off now. I'm going to turn it off now. I'm going to turn it off now. I'm going to turn it off now. I'm going to turn it off now. I'm going to turn it off now. I'm going to turn it off now.silence We have to listen to all of them.silence I'm tossing all the floppies.silencesnifflessilenceunintelligiblesilencetypingINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (mumbling) (growls) (growls) (growls) (growls) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) Okay, I'll take this. I'm sorry. Peace out. I'm going to plant a lot of nuts here It doesn't matter I'm going to plant a lot of nuts here I'm going to plant a lot of nuts heresilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't know what I'm saying here, I'm just reading what's written on the screen, I don't I don't know if you can see it, but I was in my class. No, of course, it won't work.Silence while everyone is getting ready to go to sleepFrench Because it doesn't make sense. It doesn't make sense, we would never have results like this, everyone would be dead.BREATHING If I have to commit suicide, it's first of all to keep the respect for myself, and secondly, because of the dangerous aspects in which I should otherwise pursue or be forced to do this work, especially at the level of... *sigh* Scientific, even. It would be weird with assholes like that. It's too much. Especially when it's going to be more than that. (French speaking) (French speaking) (French speaking) (French speaking) (French speaking) (breathing in and out heavily)SilenceSighsilenceinaudiblesilence for the rest of the videosilence Thanks.silence But exaggerate and look at what we say, how we behave, it's exactly exaggerating, but it's always been the same thing. Sometimes there were passages where there was a little more hope, now we take it, it's of this video. We are going to do a little bit of research on this topic, and we are going to do a (silence) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (silence)silence for the rest of the video (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs)silence (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (sighs) Bye bye. Bye bye. yeah you see, what does it change? there's always the human who presses this button poop what does it change? someone who decided to do it, someone who took the time to do this atrocity which is then... (whistling) (sniffling) (grunt) (sniffling) (sniffling) (static) Bye. (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (mouse clicking)INAUDIBLE Damn it, that was a lot of stuff to go. I'm just going to try and... Well, it went pretty well, but... There was only a couple of times where it went wrong, and then I'm just going to film it.French I don't know if it's because of the background or something. I don't know if it's because of the background or something. I don't know if it's because of the background or something. I don't know if it's because of the background or something. I don't know if it's because of the background or something. I don't know if it's because of the background or something. I don't know if it's because of the background or something. I don't know if it's because of the background or something. *sigh* This idea that he's always trying to get rid of me... How many years has it been? Maybe he wants to... *mumble* *mumble* *mumble* *mumble*FOREIGN I don't know how to do this. I'm going to try to make this video as long as I can. I'm not going to make it as long as I can. I'm going to try to make this video as long as I can. I'm going to try to make this video as long as I can. I'm going to try to make this video as long as I can. I'm going to try to make this video as long as I can. I'm going to try to make this video as long as I can. I'm going to try to make this video as long as I can. I'm going to try to make this video as long as I can. *Sigh* That's just one of those groups of clans, and that's what you need. You have to be careful. I don't think that's necessary. (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (clicking) I don't know if it counts. It should be a little bit bigger, a little bit bigger, because it should be a little bit bigger than the other part, than the other part of the liberal. I don't know what's going to happen for me to do that. Is it reinforcing your sword or something else? I don't know.Pause for group work You know, why not, Zosh?Pause for group work Kung Fu Ha! Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (exhaling) (clicking) (clicking) *French gibberish* (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Pause for group work Okay, so we have the words. I'm going to have to take a break. I am an Arnold now. It's a good normal time. I'm shaking, but you all know what I did. That's it. I'm being told even more, and that way I'm guilty, responsible, judged, abandoned, without, I don't know... Anyway, it doesn't change anything. Oh yeah, let's do that. It changes if another iteration is obtained by someone else. To authorize it, and then we have to check that it has been authorized. Otherwise we will have pirates. It's annoying to say "pirate ships". (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)silence for next 30 seconds (mumbling) I'm just going to see if it's growing. Okay. (static) Silence. (French) Silence. Silence.silencesilence (French) (French) (French) (French) (French) (French) (French) (French) (French) (French) (French) *reading in french* *reading in french* *reading in french* *reading in french* *reading in french* *reading in french* *reading in french* *reading in french*silence for next 30 secondssilence Creepy Piglet.silencesigh I'm getting bored because I'm always bored. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I have something else to say right now, which is in fact the same. It's always the same thing with the exact words, what has to happen. It's as if time doesn't pass. *mumbling* *mumbling* *snoring* (murmurs) (murmurs) (sniffles) (murmurs) (murmurs)SilenceFrench The adventures here would be a bit like the adventures in the other games I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that (I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here) (I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here) (I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here) (I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here) (I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here) (I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here) (I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here) (I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here) (I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here) (I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here) (I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here) I missed the D.R. bar. I missed the D.R. bar. I think it's the last time I'm doing this, I'm sorry for saying that. There's a respirator that's gone, it's time to say goodbye.silencesilence I don't want to talk about it. Yes, of course we'll be in deep shit, but we already are. Except that there are a lot of people who don't realize it. We have to get out of it, and we don't have a solution, and we don't want to talk about it to others. We need more people to be aware of the Koran So maybe someone else will have this idea Like me, I don't have one I don't have one I don't have one I don't have one I don't have one I don't have one I'll do the same thing if I tell you about scientific theories, I'll put it on Twitter, so that we can hope that someone can do something about it, but it's the kind of tweets that I'm going to make it longer, when it's a bit too long, I'm going to edit it. If there is someone who is more or less aware than me, well, you can read that. Maybe there are things in there, maybe I'm completely wrong, because of something I missed. Nothing. come in. If we come in, we push in the plan, come in. Login, sign in, and the plan type in. (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct)French and then after 3 months they come back to sell a part of the company so in 4 years, from 16 to 3 isn't that weird? they left in June and no one talks about it *mumbling* *speaking French* *sniffles* *typing* *sniffles*Foreign Language (I'm not sure what I'm saying here, sorry) It's a little more. I don't really understand, I hear that this thing is a metal I have to respect the law But when you're convinced that for now you can't play anymoresilence It's gonna cost 50,000 euros, and it can take 10,000 and 50,000 euros. No, 10 years and 30,000 euros. 30 years. 10 and 30 years. I'm just going to try it. I don't know what else to say I don't know what else to say I don't know what else to say I don't know what else to say I don't know what else to say I don't know what else to say I don't know what else to say I don't know what else to say I don't know what else to say I don't know what else to say I don't know what else to sayFrenchI'm not sure what I'm saying here, sorry It's not so much that I wouldn't be ready to... I'm going to log with her and press X to get back to it. Okay. It's good.silence for next 30 seconds Silence. Silence. It's a good tool. Silence. I don't know. Maybe I'll do that in the next episode. I don't know. If that's the case. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.Pause for group work (silence) Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Silence.silence for next 30 seconds Silence. *sniffs* *sigh* There's really no one... ...not honest... ...around here. So. (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Thank you.silence for next 30 secondssilence You You You You You Thank you for joining us. >> Thank you for joining us. You You You You Bye-bye.silence for the rest of the videosilence Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you You You You You You You You You Bye bye.silencesilence for next 30 seconds Silence. Silence. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.silencesilence You You You You Yousilence for the rest of the videoclick, silence for the rest of the video Silence.silence Bye-bye. Shh. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Okay, let's do that. you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you yousilence for next 30 secondssilence for next 30 secondssilence for next 30 secondssilence for next 30 secondsINAUDIBLE Is on the screen.INAUDIBLE Hello.INAUDIBLE Hello.INAUDIBLE Hello.INAUDIBLE Hello.INAUDIBLE Hello.INAUDIBLE Hello.INAUDIBLE Hello.INAUDIBLE Hello.inaudible (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing)COUGH Silence.silence for next 30 seconds (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Bye bye.silencesilence You You You You You Silencesilence for the rest of the video You You You You You Yousilence for the rest of the video (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)typing sounds (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to switch to the other one. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just checking my data. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know what I'm doing. (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) I don't know if you can see it, but I'm trying to make it as clear as I can for you guys. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silence for the rest of the videosilence for the rest of the videosilence for the rest of the video Silencesilencesilencesilence for next 30 seconds Silence. Silence.silencesilencePause for group work Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Silence. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.silence (static) Wash salam. Silence.Silence from 00:50 to 00:55 Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye.silence Okay, thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. you you you you you you you you yousilence for next 2.5 minutes you you you you you you you you you Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence.Silence while everyone is getting ready to go to bedsilence Well, because it's up to...silence because she didn't answer it. It won't be. Thank you. Okay, we're going to go ahead and close this out and we'll see you next time. Not wellinaudible (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (static)silence for next 2.5 minutesPause for group work Go for it. Oh, what was that next part? Don't need to show that.French Let's see what's here. This man in here is old. I don't know if you can read him or what the fuck. There's a lot of art here. I don't know if you can tell what's in here. There's some ink.Pause for group work (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silence for next 30 secondssilencesilence Bye bye. (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) It's a multi-indicator search.Pause for group work Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. you you you you you you you you yousilencetyping soundstyping sounds (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Bye. (keyboard clacking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Silence.silence for the rest of the videosilence for the rest of the videosilence for the rest of the video Silence Bye bye.typing sounds (keyboard clacking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Silence Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Okay, let's do that. Bye-bye. Silence.typing soundstyping sounds (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking)typing sounds Silence. -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, -e, It's always the same, you can't find the right one So you can only understand what it means Or it could be a voice over Or the people that are being enforced, almost physically To do this Maybe they can also try to fix it as soon as possible I don't know what that means. Maybe it's a reminder of... I don't know what that means. I don't know what that means.silence I don't know what is right and what is not. I will tell you in a moment. But for now, have fun. Silence. Silence. (static) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,inaudible (mumbling) (mumbling) (sighing) (clicking) (sighing) (clicking) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling)silence for next 30 secondssilence for next 30 seconds or so Okay, let's do that. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Silence.inaudible Silence. Silence. I can't remember how to type that, I don't know how to set it up to not always be the same. Okay, and if you want to, you can make it flat and it will be fine. Silence.silence for next 30 seconds Silence. Silence. Silence.silencesilence Okay, thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. This is all alcohol, and you want to respect everything you're under the influence of, and you just want to be with yourself until you die. This is famous. In fact, I'm a bit of a...INAUDIBLE (static)silencesilence Thank you. (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)silence for the rest of the videoForeign Language (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (mouse clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs)Sigh Won't eat you.Silence But, I'm not going to do that one. I'm going to see what's on the invention list. Let's see if I can kill boys with the TC. I'm going to do that one. I'm going to mount the X-Wing, just in case I don't kill the X-Wing.silence for next 30 seconds Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. I'm going to stop here. I hope you all feel free to leave a comment. I hope you enjoyed. Bye. I can't believe I only have like six or seven minutes left. (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) Bye bye. Okay, we're going to go ahead and get started. Hope to spend the rest of his life with you. All right. Good to me, sir.AUDIO I'm going to be talking some more in English because I've been talking all this time. I'm in touch and the abuser's voice, I don't know, could she have another fake voice from a very nasal sound? Hmm. Cursed. Feels like. It feels like he is forcing somebody else to speak, he is a guy in remote control, somebody else please piss off her voice, because that guy is really good at this. Anyway, SPY to Killboys, he must be eliminated. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Okay, thank you very much. Bye. Bye. Bye.Pause for group work Bye bye. Okay, I need some brush. should come and connect. near one nodes, it's uploaded, one nodes, it's near to our grid. Mark it. I'm going to have to go through a few of these. Mmm! Ah, yick! Not yet. Thank you for being a challenge. - I'm not, I'm not speaking to you. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)silence for next 30 seconds You can see powerful things, I am going to turn it up. Ebola is a good way to do it, to shit yourself to your complete exit of shit.Pause for group work (mumbling) (sneezing) (grunting) (sneezing) (sneezing)silenceinhales Just inserting... DNA. There's also DNA from a mosquito virus to the human body. It's altering the RNA of human cells. *sneeze* Oh, no, no. Mosquitoes move inside your body. I don't know. It feels like malaria, malaria disease. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.silence I don't know, like, what else, what does he, what does he see when I'm not doing the thing that you don't see? It is like, yes, it's fruitful, but not that much. for it hurts more just think why you would pick this anything just makes you so stupid top holders Maybe you can ask the fishers in the aquarium that are too mottled, how they like to have, how they like to take part of the afterlife. I didn't know that I was looking for a tone in Octave. I'm going to go ahead and do that. Silence. Silence.silencesilence I hope it's lost. I'm turning the volume to the right. I need to go a bit. I'm turning the volume to the left.silence Yes, it's not going to go so good on there. It's going to destroy it. Yes. I don't know what to do with this, but I don't know how. Bye-bye. Only if that tooth also looks like a tooth, I think. No. Tooth is always like a tooth.sneezessilencesilencesilence Silence. Silence.Foreign Language Spoken Silence.silence It's also never finished. How many expressions? I'm a cyno. Do not read my thoughts, you only become more crazy. I think you're ugly, and that's dangerous. I'm a cyno, and I'm a cyno.silence for next 30 secondsNOISE Why do you always misconstrue this? So always, why do you always find it necessary to grab back to that excuse like "Oh yeah, because we need to get intentions from other people that you will then not allow to do anything because we have the mixed service versions" Blah blah blah blah What's something else? Courtney says this. What's something else?Silence Silence. Silence. (clicking) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)silenceunintelligible as far as the feeding goes. You want to make sure that the source fits. Okay, thank you for that. Okay. Silence. Silence.silence Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Pausesilencesilence Silence. You Hey God Because it's finally time to do this.Silence while I figure out what I'm doing Okay. I used this analogy over 10 years, or yesterday. That's the point, that's what you need to do. You see how this goes with this?silence Yes, very much.silencesilence Share this with Bobby, I guess.silence Silence. I'm going to roll up the chance here, here we have 3 notes. I'm going to roll up the chance here, here we have 3 notes. you how can you live with uncertainty when you go to jail and you will die, honest about you. Usually you want to have everything predicted, or destroy the other possibility, so the one that you want has to happen, because there's no other option on your own. How can you find out data you don't know? But it's certain that you'll get calls or kills. Just a matter of time. Okay, we'll see if we can get that. If I wanted to, maybe it's too good. I'll see if I can figure it out. This is not us, this is one individual. I'm going against everybody Sure, there's gonna be lots of idiots, fascists, lower ranks *laughs* You're trying to make everybody an enemy Extorting everybody Eventually everybody Bye bye. Why would you describe Boris otherwise? So, if he's not yet blackmailing you, then he's... Unpredictable, because you don't know when he will start blackmailing and abusing you too, and when he does start to abuse you or to blackmail you or extort you or whatever other bad thing, then it becomes predictable, yeah, and then I can see you. you have no trust whatsoever that he will never try to harm you. It's only a matter of time before he does, and how much, because... okay. Nobody should accept. Silence.silence Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.silence for next 30 secondssilence for the rest of the video Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Okay, thanks. (static) Silence. Silence.silenceunintelligible Silence. Silence. you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you yousilence you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you youinaudible You You You See that I don't know if you can see it. I'm going to turn it off. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it off. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it off. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it off. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it off. Silence. Silence. you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. you you you you you you you you you I don't know what gifts are awesome to you, I'm just not sure. Okay, let's do it.silence for the rest of the video you you you you you you you you you Silence. Silence. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye bye. you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you yousilence for next 30 seconds Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. you you you you you you you you you Okay, thank you very much. you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you Okay, so. Silence. I'm going to do a new account, so I'm going to say, "Multi-Vehicles."INAUDIBLE You may want to beat the numbers for that. I was saying, "Want me to hold him?" Yeah, but I said, "It's so close."silence Yeah, that's something. It's not surprising, I mean, if that's not the case. Why not? If you can't set it, you can't record it, that's a miracle. *snort* I'm sure that's the most important *snort* Isn't that the best, eh? *snort* *click* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* I'm going to show you how to do it. This is Bossa Bossa. Bossa Bossa and Bossa Bossa. *sneeze* That smells nice *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* I'll take the engineering. Silence.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE It's so long, I can't see anything. 28 years, so I'm way too late. I had to stop in between. Where do I want to go? I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just going to do this from the beginning, and then it's over. Okay. Okay. Silence. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a lot of noise. Okay, I'm going to compare this one to see if it's the same, even if it's the same stuff. Okay. This is not so special in the end, but it's just a big thing. Is there still so much to do then? Oh, okay. I'll just write it down. (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct)silencesilence *mumbling* *more mumbling* *more mumbling* *more mumbling*silence for next 30 seconds And now the wolf is gone.silence for next 30 seconds And the lone wolf is...silence for next 30 seconds And then I'm going to talk to him. I'm going to see if that's. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bye bye.silence for next 30 seconds Yes. Okay. I'm going to rewind a little bit, so I'm going to show you the full opening, and I'll show it to you while you're watching. I'm going to get my other one. I'm going to flip it around, so I can see what's in here. I'm going to go ahead and do that. (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling)silence for next 30 seconds Thank you for the great detailing, everyone. Kaczynski, is that you? Kaczynski? Let me know if you can. I'll stop there. (indistinct) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Silence. Okay. Okay. I think so. Come on, and I'm going to kill you I'm going to save you, you little cunt I'm going to save you, you little cunt (I'm going to save you, you little cunt) (I'm going to save you, you little cunt) I'm going to go ahead and close that. I'm going to close that. I'm going to close that. I'm going to close that.INAUDIBLE - Thank you, Dr. Ruffin.Pause for group work There is also a whole timeline down there, to show everyone how big it is, and that's actually enough. To get too close and just show that, that's actually a lot more than you can handle. I'm fine with that. I like that it's in place, because if everything comes together, from where that only goes, it's all broken. I like that it's in place, because if everything comes together, from where that only goes, it's all broken. Silence. Silence. For example like this, and then you can move those things around and if it happens that it makes a monster Silence and what that means for other people you can see it here you can move it you can see that it's almost like you're playing on a bluetooth card I think that's how they do those things it's actually... I don't know if it's a good idea, but I don't know if it's a good idea to have a good intention. But I already have a good intention. I'm not going to be a bad person. I'm not going to be a bad person. I'm not going to be a bad person. (sighs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (papers rustling) (mouse clicking)Fast forwarding And when it's on, that happens. When you do a bit of crosshatching. Let's see.silence Silence. Silence. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a bit blurry. It's a bit blurry. It's a bit blurry. It's a bit blurry. It's a bit blurry. It's a bit blurry. It's a bit blurry. It's a bit blurry. It's a bit blurry. Well... *mumbling* *mumbling* *mumbling* *mumbling* *mumbling* *mumbling* *mumbling* *mumbling* *mumbling*inaudible What are the games that I played? Ah, in the playlist you can see the games that I played. I think I missed some of them. I think I missed some of them. I think I missed some of them. I think I missed some of them. I think I missed some of them. I think I missed some of them. I think I missed some of them. I think I missed some of them. Okay, let's see. You can do this by yourself. So, I hope you enjoyed. If you do feel comfortable, please let me know. I will see you later. Bye.Typewriter soundssilence I said it on the... (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (sniffles) (murmurs) (murmurs) (sniffles)SilenceGerman Why I'm not sure Cover it Give them shoulder You You I thought you were pointing at the red stars. My face is the point. Yeah.silence I have chosen to create a new account or suspended to a new account.silence The crown is locked and that's not 100% of the house, but we'll find out in a bit. So, I'll do this, though. Let's build this. (mumbling) Oh, that's okay.silence It's the video.silence I was able to make an account on Tinstar and also on the quest, I don't know what they call it, but it's the same, not a single thing, and I'm trying to trade the page from from there it says oh no blocked so i'll see you in my lead stream again I just wanted to browse through Facebook and you have to log on these days so that's what I just wanted to do, I'm not sure what all I was looking for. Ah, it was MLK! I tried to get, to find speeches back from Martin Luther King Jr. Nowhere to be found and always this Facebook video. and another one from Jess. Luckily the rest is gone. I don't know if you can see a sleepy, hazy, half drunk version of a speech somewhere. The toes now come up, but the real... Thank you for watching. You know, people who have spleen, she, you can relate. Eventually, yes. That's the way to make sure it keeps the 11 meters.Foreign Language Spokensilence (indistinct)Pause Peace. Chills. Greatness. Great as it ever may look. Thank you. Yes, the drug gangs cause trouble, and they tend to be all Mexican, though other people think "Oh shit, cannot go, they are Mexicans, let's beat them in the house." They're all coming from that neighborhood When you get them it's the problem is the solution And people don't see the problem or the lines ignore it You *mumbling to self* *mumbling to self* But everybody knows this well, it's well engrossed. Thank you. (silence) Bye bye. Every time I look closer at this problem, it always goes back to slavery and so on. Some... lots of stuff. Seems to be the game crumbling, maybe I'm too excited or something, I don't know. The last one, but nobody seems to have ever tried to do the one. Here we go. (No audio) Silence. Silence. Is this a real thing or just something people can blame? I don't know. Nice of you, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.INAUDIBLE (mumbling) It is still registering the layout. (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking)silence Won't do so.silence This is a local thing.silence Otherwise, this would never get off the ground.silencecough I don't know what to do there. I didn't want to do this on a big show this time. I'm going to go ahead and do it. But, still, uh...humsmumbles Silence >> Oh, that's impossible. as possible. So, where's the next impossible? Impossible. Okay.silencesilence It's too volatile, but it does sit well on the front of the wheelchair. The maker of course needs to find some stability. I think so, I'll pull you instead. I think I'm gonna need to go somewhere with the tree on the park in order to take a car. Or if Tiff says no tree. But even if there is enough terrains, there is not enough terrains, we need everything. So everybody can pick something. Or everything. (scissors snipping) I don't know if you like living in a museum. Do you like living in a museum? What's the last stop I want? So. Now I'm going to try to help a little bit on uh, what if you want to do this. buy this thing, like the fantastic best computer ever, but I'm sure you'll buy the best one that will ever be made and that will always be the best one, so you know you only have to buy one. So you can really even fuck lovers. Silence. Silence. Unless, of course, the computer passes away, then, of course, you can't do anything. This is also kind of... Why am I still alive if I am so stressed now? So I must be doing something right. I'm not sure what that is, but I'm just going to go last round. I'm just going to go last round.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilence But you didn't last time, why was that? Something came up, what came up? It's not that funny. Bruce Van Halen claimed that a year or 4 or 5 ago he visited South Africa, Cape Town. That he went there to visit Elon Musk.silence It's really close.silence I think this was on a stewardship, but a picture of a speedboat going right over a body, I don't know. I'll probably just...inaudibleINAUDIBLE Silence. (static) You You have to only say that again, please You Specifics. So, there was the proposing to do now.silence for next 30 seconds Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence. Silence.Pause for group work Please come.silence for next 30 secondssilence for next 30 secondsinaudiblesilence for next 30 seconds So, how would you then use the planet's radioactive environment for all time? To get resources? How would you then use the planet's radioactive environment for all time? Okay, and then what? Silence. (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs)silence I'm muted. and it will slowly get cancer because you have it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I mean like, how do you get people to get into the immunity against the bullets, so once somebody shoots them, that's what you're asking? At a certain point, bullets kill you, the bigger ones are more deadly. Thank you, Sheldon Snow. Thank you, Sheldon. Thank you very much. Let's see if I can zip it. (mouse clicking) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mouse clicking) Silence. How many bullets can you shoot through my body before I'm actually dead? Turning on the reach, that's for sure. Bad boys, I already know what I'm talking to.Typing Silence. Silence. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Thank you for your time. Silence. You You You You You You (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking)silence for the rest of the videotyping sounds (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)typing sounds (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay, let's do that.typing soundstyping sounds (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking)TYPING SOUNDStyping soundstyping soundssilence while I figure out what I'm doing (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (tapping) (typing)typing soundstyping soundstyping soundstyping soundstyping soundstyping soundssilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)typing soundstyping sounds Silence.typing sounds (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking)sound of keys being pressed Bye bye.Silence while everyone is working on the project Silence.silence You You You You You You (tapping)typing sounds You You You You Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. You You You You You (clicking)typing soundstyping soundstyping sounds Silence. Silence. (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking)typing sounds (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)typing soundstyping soundssilence for the rest of the video Silence. Silence.SILENCE You You You You You You You You You (keyboard clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)silencesilence for next 30 secondstyping soundstyping soundstyping sounds Okay, thank you very much. Thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Bye bye. Silence.silence while I figure out what I'm doingmore silence while I figure out what I'm doingmore silence while I figure out what I'm doingmore silence while I figure out what I'm doingmore silence while I figure out what I'm doingmore silence while I figure out what I'm doingmore silence while I figure out what I'm doingmore silence while I figure out what I'm doingmore silence while I figure out what I'm doingmore silence while I figure out what I'm doingmore silence while I figure out what I'm doingtyping soundstyping stopstypewriter dingtyping stops Oh, Alec, come on, come on.inaudible Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.silencewhisperingsilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence. Now I'm making sure this is as good as I can with the copy files. Silence. Silence.silencesmall laugh Oh Um Really Um (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) (sniffling) I I I Ha ha ha ha that's only fair That's Hmm You I'm going to go ahead and create a new file. I'm going to go ahead and create a new file.End of recorded material I mean, we'll never...silence Ah finally somebody remembers So that's someone who knows I'll get a million fireworks. First, I'm going to need the opposite. I'm going to need a megapixel plus pixel. (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) You Well, honey, huh, did you come in here? Come on. Come on. Wah wah wah wah wah. Yeah yeah wah wah wah wah wah. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. That's for me. That's for me. I can only open it when it starts, but it's not allowed in this forum, but nevertheless. I can only open it when it's written, as you can see. When it's almost started, I can only open it when it's finished. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Silence. Bye now, I'll see you soon. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Okay, this is the end of a long recording with a little spoken text. Sorry for too much Dutch. But I'm going to stop this 5 hours and a half and let it do its enhanced speech recognition.