[00:00:00.19] OneOdio FM1:	Well, again, I was to finish my cocaine and come into this side. Just try to make sure I go this way. I'm going to leave this one. I can't see, well, this one on it, oh my god, actually. Act if you think you're not supposed to be. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (laughs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't know who you are, so that doesn't even make sense to me. So you're so like, what is going on? I've had a total severable information about this already so. I don't know what you want me to tell you. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay, well, if there are things that I said I believe are a home made with any teachings that will do our shame. So anybody cares about my life tonight?PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno audio (sniffing) (indistinct) (indistinct) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) But we're making a superglue and there's a real coincidence that I take our sufficient proof of changes in time from future to future. Those points on me going through them. need to emerge with stuff in my life. So I'll be the person to not make it all go too wrong. Now this whole madness, these changes in time will have happened several times over already and they keep on getting worse. because you try to change some of that. You have less possibilities to change it to get what you want. The thing is that once you change those changes were made. People who are never really given the ability to do the collective wisdom to do the right thing. So the atrocities that happen in the future in parallel timelines happens again and again and again. Those people don't learn to choose and to choose the right thing. So that's why right now Now it's just like him, everybody here needs to decide for themselves, take the responsibility to do two princess stop this, even those worse horrible view and weeks, and see that it needs to change otherwise it's going to be the same again, and why that also is a problem, but then it becomes even a bit more crazy, is that the way that I understand universe works is that there's only the finite amount of energy that is what I refer to as the stuff, the asphalt if you will, that keeps time for it. stable. At the end of the universe you have a big flash and then you have a big bug, the big flash with so much enemy that actually creates a stable flow river of what we experience as time. That time in this last loop of the timelines is near ending. So, if we don't do the right thing, if we don't develop the right things and develop the next biggest bomb, time will just throw this course and then the universal end in this corner anyway, and why is this important because the last times mankind will have made it until the year 10th, thousand but the last say seven thousand years were like endless suffering. That's what we want to avoid from the future to the past. Don't want to install another regime that is just making too many people suffer for no reason, and like I said before, we will be able to prove scientifically from the physics perspective with something that we don't have yet. I call it the relativity of chaos, so an extension on both relativity theory from Einstein and chaos theory that will explain how events can happen, cannot happen, how many times they they can happen as well. But it's very out of force. That's good. Anybody still cares about that?Clock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicks Does that make sense to the next one? Anybody? Everybody's a good voice. No problem, I'll just upload it. Why do you do this? I'll just upload the recording. to the web. Shamedful to listen to it myself, so I, uh, I'll switch that to what people so they can be shameful in my place. Full of Jesus in my memory. I'm not saying it in two words. I'm not saying it in two words. I'm not saying it in two words.silencesilence Yeah, to that machine, not really a spotty, but move anything to anywhere, put stuff together the way you want, and around that. For most, and for me, there's three things in the world. So, not dot quarks, I think it's confusing. We still need to try to figure out the best necessary. Just learning this, no. So you have mass, you have energy, and then there's another resource I call change. There's only three. everything we know and guarks add on some of the main up all of this so I really find another bit to try to get all of it in space. All of these if that's for... Ah, I'm gonna go. *sniffing* (sniffing)