[00:00:52.50] OneOdio FM1:	So, um, in the meeting of communication, even if it's not a communication, it's a little bit of communication. So, um, in the meeting of communication, it's a little bit of (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLE Now I'm going to sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down. see, or not even as well, that he has needs to be explored, but above it's weathering and now I'm not going to play it in a new type of burst room, for which now this simulation is sufficient. Silence Silence I think, well, there's a couple of forms. The more that you try to test the worst negativity, the more that people are, you're going into problems where existing manipulation does not work, and people become stable. to have been pushed to a place where there was no night to be, which we left in a bit of a relationship working. There's no safety, there's no... There's basically a queue we need, some of them that's... ...that's a clue about one, and then the other ones will be... ...the only clue that types of people in the mood... ...mine control, but not one. because it is simply an environment and it initially pushes the label to me based on these. Thank you for watching. So, where do you put these? So our relation, our relationship is more internal to intervene while suppressing mind-sync. Put to people, control, confrontations, information that it would be to empathize with happening in real life that people can use some other people than you were supposed to intervene. instead you have to turn to a sufficient heat so the ceiling up not feeling safe on the increases and the only gets towards the level of the polarization that's going on. It's people don't know anyone who are there because they don't feel safe. Why don't you, if you're the best one? and meeting that basic needs or safety. This is all about negativity and manipulation and making people feel scared. So they will be willing to consider a new world more and more. At the same time, I'm thinking everybody afraid, and every time, everywhere it's right, to introduce a steamer lower to some extent. You will feel less safe because of it. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected SilenceMUSIC Oh, I see it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible for the sweet ocean in the moon and in the sea. Good. Does that sound nice? Yes. Silence Silencesilencesilence I'll see the link to be in the next one, and then say about to be in the more positive place where it could still come clean and help explain the world, how bad it's really Silence It's a something that might fall with it and call the game still keep. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going to go to the next machine. I'm going I'm going to go to the next machine. But not to jinkle people so you don't call them up through to Laptop. Why is there so no, there are no questions call but in Laptop. So you cannot trickle people without calling them. Silence She's talking to my team, she's talking to my team. She's talking to my team, she's talking to my team. You You Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silencesilence I think she thinks looking better about somebody. So, I'm going to apply some, I'm going to get a subset of it.silencesilence I don't like it, she doesn't mean it's so.pausepause Thank you.inaudible (audience member speaking) (audience member speaking) (audience member speaking) (audience member speaking) (audience member speaking)silencesilence >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence >> Yes. Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Okay, that is the next stable statement. Thank you very much. Silence Silence and there's a big stage of such work. and that leads to a couple of years of comforts in the '80s, so we could talk to people that we can add six different audio effects to our flash when we are not recognized if this is what it's a core if it's just someone else. and then you can purchase your ballot pictures, and then you can start to move on to the next one, and so I added them, and also, they need to use a mixing switch board to reach out to the next area of the external world. to make a first round to get some side of this area, so we can then also take over the area, so we can continue the conversation, so see you at the end of the video, and there's also the same thing, but for the handshake, they do work as far as fishing and the entire baits, it's only too long to make. It's a bit, and then let's run the advanced encounter while you're fishing in the spots you're not able to tell you what's in it. During the procession is then the end of the whole thing in my show. I'm not going to use this. I'm just going to use this. I'm just going to use this. I'm just going to use this. I'm just going to use this. I'm just going to use this. I'm just going to use this. I'm just going to use this.COUGH And you're good too.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence and you can use it by me. I feel like you're being pinched. You're an outstanding, well, I'm not sorry, I'm a bit... I'm a flantoss on the key of me. Messberg. So, you're done. So, I'm going to use the other sheet. That's really, was your last product for me? Now, see the result? I'm going to stand up to the museum. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.MusicMusicMusic Silence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm sure that's all for the look. For the whole look I'll start to fill up the line and down the mic. I'm sure that we'll fit. Thank you for watching. >> Also.INAUDIBLE to get out of my duty, name is one. Let's do this, it's stuck through there. I use my toothbrush, my back, to open the door to you, that's the minister of youth. You have the right to choose from, with us to be therapeutic, as long as you consider it's been an attempt. Silence SilenceCOUGH (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence >> I'm going to cut you out. Silence >> Hello. So, here goes. Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I'm going to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to run out of time to Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Pause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yeah, I feel like it's a role in what's going on in the car, shouldn't I? The alternative one. I should post it. (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) Silence Inaudible Remark I'm just looking at the other end. I'm just looking at the other end. This one. It will make sure that you will be sure to use it. It's a bizarre thing. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Silencesilenceclicking (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water so you can see that the water is on the bottom. I'm going to add a little bit of the water to the water so you can see the water is on the bottom. I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water so you can see the water is on the bottom so you can see the water is on the bottom. I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water so you can see the water is on the bottom.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence Silence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Okay. Okay. Well, it's just interlocked in. Thank you for your time. and Silence Silence This is important, so... Thank you for watching. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilence Silence Silence I'm going to show you the speakers in the first place, thanks a lot, we'll see you if it runs and we'll see it. We'll see. We'll do it. Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you for watching. I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to do, I think it's the best thing to dosilenceclickingclickingsilenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Background Sounds Background Sounds I'll just go over here and then. All of the things that I can do is I should not do any more. I don't know what I'm hearing, but when I ask what to do directly, it says, "I'm going to just find something." I'm going to just find something.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence It's a good wish.Sounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door openingSounds of door opening I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if I can make it. I'm not sure if you know that I'm far from home. It's terrible. That's the bad issue. There's a red door. We're in the system.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) I'm going to put it on the table. I'm going to put it on the table. I'm going to put it on the table. I'm going to put it on the table. I'm going to put it on the table. I'm going to put it on the table. I'm going to put it on the table. I'm going to put it on the table. I'm going to put it on the table. I'm going to put it on the table. I'm going to put it on the table. I'm going to do a little bit more. No, let's just press the press button. It's a little bit harder to kick. It's a little bit harder. I'm going to do a little bit more.silencesilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilence Thanks. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. This kind of interesting stuff is over here, it's over here, this beam of the bar under it, the nested close. Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence Silence (knocking on door)no speech detected Silence Silence Thank you very much. What are you trying to achieve? Chilling outcomes. We've been doing so much better to try to make the effect of accumulations, and if you're trying to stoke out, we're going to try to make the effect of accumulations. is not motion, we will need to hide the fact that we are motion, because we will not feel motion, but that is also the fact that we will focus on other stuff. So, we will focus on other stuff, but that is also the fact that we will not feel motion,SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceinaudibleinaudible Silence Silencesilencesilence I'm going to put something else and the only thing to find out is more of a basis of the same level possible, and face to face, I'm just going to put something else in there. Again try to find those to not make me new than you are by the attention. Thanks for watching.silencesilence I can only feel the same way that I really need to do that. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. I have to say to you, you are all, you are all so. so much to see yourself in a more positive day that my elders, the beef that you are doing so good, but then it's all worth it, and you also started making that, so there is no priority. You want to become absorbed in this thing. people think after doing this, when you feel looking, feel like delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silence >> Let's get to your end goal. Silence Well, besides the fact that there's usually reinforcing effects from wanting to the element I'm going to leave it, I'm going to go to the other side. Silence >> We're in the society, but we've had a lot of discussions. We've had a lot of discussions.MusicMusicsilencesilence This is not the same thing you're not testing. Come here, cuss, you're going to need a new image. Let's see if you can see it.silence That's what I'm going to say. I always say, "Any difference in the way of something to me?" I always say, "Any difference in the way of something to me?" What can I assume if I don't really see for this thing? What is that difference? I'll show you over there. that people expect it to be nice if you think that's the only problem close if I walk through the street and I say I don't want to miss any of themsilence Too much.silence I am also a deputy. I am a deputy.silencesilencesilence (indistinct) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) So let's see this.SilenceSilenceSilence I'm not going to come in there, I'm not going to come out.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence I'm not about to have that going right now on one of them. Thank you very much. Thank you. . . . . . .no audio That's why I chose. How can I learn to trust you when you like nothing next? The how?Music Yeah, I missed the last note. If you promise to bother you the lower state of the question. No, I need such a chance. Yeah, I'm going to have to go to the next one. Yeah, I'm going to have to go to the next one. Yeah, I'm going to have to go to the next one. Yeah, I'm going to have to go to the next one. Silence Silence So, now I'm just going to start the last one. and it's complete and it's done.