[00:03:52.67] OneOdio FM1:	I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I do not allow anybody to say to me that I am a school identity teacher, I will not Oh, it's come. Keep acting for the wallet. I know I get to prove, just about proving crime, it's not about me finding a plot of cash. I know I get to prove. I know I get to prove, just about proving crime, it's not about me finding a plot of cash.silencesilence I'm going to see some of the other things I'm going to do. I'm going to see some of the other things I'm going to do. I'm going to see some of the other things I'm going to do. I'm going to see some of the other things I'm going to do. I'm going to see some of the other things I'm going to do. I'm going to see some of the other things I'm going to do. I'm going to see some of the other things I'm going to do. I'm going to see some of the other things I'm going to do. Background Sounds Background Sounds The other is also for certain things that I need to know about it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Background noise We do not have to talk to anyone else in the team. We do not have to be one, not one.MusicMusic (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs)silencesilencesilencesilencesilence So I'm going to have to go ahead and see if there's any other things that I can do on this chip. So I'm going to have to go ahead and see if there's any other things that I can do on this chip. So I'm going to have to go ahead and see if there's any other things that I can do on this chip.MUSIC Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audio (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)inaudibleMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudible But the style might help that field. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That it's no longer a hospital, there's only so much things that can't go wrong if you call for a call. That's all that goes wrong.MUSICINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudible Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSICMUSICMusicMusic I think we should really not just do anything more like anything. Yeah, that's just it. I'm not sure if it's just a case. It's more than a case. I'm not sure if it's just a case. It's more than a case. It's more than a case. I'm not sure if it's just a case. I'm not sure if it's just a case. I'm not sure if it's just a case. I'm not sure if it's just a case. We'll need to save. What can we do with the similar side? What can we do with the similar side? What can we do with the similar side? What can we do with the similar side?inaudible I think it's only, I don't know, I should've been the soundbar right there. I don't even know what it takes. It's a pop. I don't know what it takes. It's a pop. I don't even know what it takes. I don't even know what it takes.silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMUSIC I'm going to try to answer my emails, to your emails, that's it, just a big shiny white dwarf become. I can't let me back and see something good in the note. Okay. Oh, water, all this crap. So many of you look great, honey. I love the prices, everybody. I'm gonna sit here, but didn't even... and speak to an institute from another stock exchange thing on it. If the tombstone comes in, it's so strong. video.Music There needs to be more... shall I say... diarrhea... and that's the situation with that... you know... I don't know how to do it. Here you will suck it up, but you will kick him in the ass and then you will say look this is done and he says this But in the end when it comes down to it, when it comes out to values, when it comes down to what is important, but it comes down to what matters When it comes down to two dollars and cents, what did he do wrong? I know attacks are still much better at shouting. They're both hit because they're in the Umpa Lumpa coin, so everybody's equal, so what next? No more Umpa Lumpa coins, and then the free throw weekend is over, so there's only so much you can get away with it. I don't know why I'm doing this. Well it does, but I have to make the tree visible to the rest of the world. Goodness and dream tree. But the whole world has to see it. Then my knee grows up trees. Show me your room trees.MusicMusic I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to call him down here, and then I'll call him down here. Yeah, some point online, go back down to your phone and turn on the phone. >> Yeah, that's the same thing as there's much more than the five. Let's do a couple of missions. I'm going to start with a couple of missions that I'm going to do with a couple of missions. I can only turn back to the one-two and I'll start the game. But the one-two has something to do with it. I'm going to turn it back to the one-two. I'm going to turn back to the one-two and I'll start the game. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Stay in the ladder and you don't need me. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.INAUDIBLESOUND I don't know if you know that I'm a little bit more cool, but it's not all that complicated to me to do that, and show me what I'm supposed to do, and of course, it makes me. (sniffing) (sniffing) The silicone fueling that is the first floor is that volume? Oh no, this is about the 68 or 58th floor. I just say that I cannot count that. (coughing) I'm not like... maybe you should have done any well for that in these four numbers. Like the extension option. In more terms. I don't know, just drawberry or sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss I need the whole penthouse for the long, little server for the experience. I need to be very well at the ports. Thanks for watching. I'm going to have to go to the next two news, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going You know my main worry is that the first time I think I want to put it in. It's so important for the great again. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I'm going to put two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots and I'm going to put two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots, two dots,INAUDIBLE such a sound. I'm a very jolly beauty, none of the things were your last, so that if you were, as if you just woke up, you had just a lady name.inaudibleinaudible Don't worry, it's been very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, (phone ringing) - Oh, nice to meet you, nice to meet you. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Silence Silence And that's all it's, and there's a detail in it, and tap as I did in the version. I've prepared it by all of you. You can leave in the tap as well. Oh, you see that. table-wise, black, yellow, and dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, But there's a lot of other values, of course. There's nothing to be post-molar, really. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me. I don't feel like it to me, and all my kind to leave peace and to the end, be it. Not all of our so many 7th and 4th and 7th years. I'm going to get it. Please. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You need to be very early for a very long time to be at T-Learned, and then we still work and run up to you then.silenceinaudible I don't need their screaming out loud. because we're doing that. What makes sense if you don't know the truth? It doesn't make sense to make up my quality.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, you know all the way to say that this is just going to be a good deal. I think for the last time there's a lot of pain from that. I need to make it like a video. Not a lot straight and just... I need to make it like a video. I need to make it like a video. Can you please? Can you please Not Can you please You You And result is in the direction of voting for two decades now, but soon we'll be back I don't know if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm sorry, everybody had that turn on the Electrical Electrical Electrical Computers. I also have a limit. Thank you very much. I don't know why I don't want to feel too much breeze in the season.PausePausesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence