[00:03:08.39] OneOdio FM1:	And that is a nice work to do in the future.no speech detectedno speech detected Silence SilencesilencesilenceinaudiblesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Yeah, now that we've done it pretty much, let me flip it over and start with a little bit of the cast. Let me do a little bit of the cast.typing soundstyping soundstyping soundsinaudible Silence Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Oh, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (laughs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Birds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirping (soft music)MUSIC (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) You know that someone has this? You know well, sis, that both of you are alone. You know well, sis, that both of you are alone. You know well, sis, that both of you are alone.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Well, what is your project going to be used for the project called "Motor" and what is... Is your project going to be used for the project called "Motor" and what is...silence Yes. I understand what you're doing. the option. Silence So, I'm going to take a little bit of a quick look at this, I'm going to take a quick look at this, I'm going to take a quick look at this, I'm going to take a quick look at this, and the scientists who have built it for this very teaching, we have super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super-super they are going to use it based on all teams for them in their secret organization. to custom-like people who are really needed to keep for their own thristen games, which was against the vision of a TGE, which was to prevent atrocities happening to a new technological So, what is it to do with the strides and flanks? I'll flip that to you. Tell us about the amount of meat that we have. Those things are trying to put them in touch. So, that they can slide. So, what we saw, everything is going to be well. The differences in the way that they've gotten this. to different views, listening, with the else in your own. It's different opinions and views, but things are there to them. At some point, achieve collective wisdom. So if you do something that you might, in fact it's something that you can see on the other side of it, and at the same time, it's a very... That's it, Ray. That's it. I don't know if you've been going forward. I'll just install it. We've got two. I've been listening to the board. We've got two or about three. I'm just going to show you. that's talking to people, it's the dustbin of the waste, just making up the inventory of the items on the ingredients within 4 offices or you know, let's just say the open-air with your scum fix, I'm not sure about it in a few years, I'm telling you something. to make people aware of them so that they can reconcile and continue to live in a world that I think is a success. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence The other thing to know is that if you're at my seat, also if you're on a chair, go up to the seat, you're on a chair, go up to the seat. in the translation of our knowledge and user relations. There was a person being the leveraged, conflicting thoughts to take us to that person, and that's the learning of user relations that's the person that took in. I'll just read it out in the center there.inaudible But the thing is this is a wall speculation. I just tried to write the word called based on firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, firework, which is more complete, more of all of our composing. There's a lot of me as the few rooms seen up to see this, as you get to know the conspiracy. It's already quite.., and with the article also, I want to make the way that you do most, there's a lot of information about that, a lot of formalization, which prevents us from really understanding the logic that you just don't understand, what kind of systems, what kind of systems, what are the ways that we're going to do. That's what we're doing here is good, but we're just going to be able to do this to make sure that we're going to have a good shoot. Of course that makes absolutely a lot of noise. It does mean it's all that. Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detected Let's see. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence No more as I'm rendered to no more evidence without talking. Thank you very much. Thank you. Silence Silence Well, then I'm spiting her, she directly, which is the fault of the base where they were on the rise. But really, in Vietnam, we should look at this here, the defense where the colon of power You are about to retreat to communist republicans, motionists and so on. We're about to conquer the South with colonial powers in the pure, and then the Americans are colder. They try to push the communist back. So the whole country was already communist before the Americans. So why did the Americans exchange this room? Why didn't the bench try to stuff this communist expulsion? I don't know if I'm going to use that or not. Just a thousand and ten thousand, just a thousand and ten thousand and ten thousand. Let's go there, this is greys.silencesilence Silence Silence >> It's another. Thanks for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silenceinaudiblesilence Silence Silence >> The last minute, the last minute I want to say that I don't mean it so much, and that means I'm always going to be easy to manipulate because it needs to be a little little bit more of that being a short of that kind of thing. So it used to survive. Do you do you? I'm not sure, but I think I'll just go home. So what is your plan for the future? If you can't stay still without more shooting form, know the reason not to generate content. Let's keep talking. That's it, good months, you don't want to just want to survive as an abuser, but what else does that mean for you to survive? Well, though it is necessary. the cities you need to survive.silencesilence So, if you're using telepathy to commit crimes, what's my nice point? Is there only big counts? see yourselves about, and you can also see yourself having a more disruptive, older society that doesn't include community crimes. Good work Adam. Okay, can you understand the parasitical nature of this? If everybody thinks the same way then...silence Kind of kind of show off.silencesilencesilence Silence Silence It is not that we should not be listening to, but for that we need to be in a type of environment. Well that's about crime, we should be listening to. The guilt or sin to me. Those are words. I guess it's an easy way to want to be once in a while to take a look at it. Thank you for watching.INAUDIBLE So if this one, because you can't have the previous part of the game, I would have signed the part of submitting to the place and the months. This part of the game. once more. Thank you.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence which is hard to be understood. I'm too old to be a state. The voice is the love. It's not going to stretch.no audiono audio Well, they had to fold it, and they had to feed it here, and they had no shame.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Yes. Now it's so fun, no, I'm just not people are really too talkin' more about this. It's so difficult to talk more about. So why don't those abusers come up? for the seldom-south, it's only just because we're afraid to make ourselves known that way. Then you just against it.silencesilencesilence So everything is not completely new, it's really easy to use a little bit of teeth. I don't want to lie, I'll say I've been using them in the past, and this might be something which is kind of smarter than that. It's more difficult to do that yourself.silence So, that sort of me that we know this cannot last but we don't want to be confronted with the fact that this abuses the system will be exposed at some point when I don't think about it so anything may move. Being back in the assuming, you know, the sinking, you know, there's a sinking fellow over a sinking point. Always makes you confront the facts of the human doing right now. You need to run at some point. You should be feeling sinking for a team of sure. Look. Silence Silence Let's get started, but each time we try to listen to all this, so that we can listen to everything that we're listening to. We should be going over there and listen.silence Silence Silence Well, I think it could help you right now by figuring out who says what you are to listen to this thing right now.silencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilenceinaudibleinaudible I'll start publishing these things on a daily television, once you're still trying to pronounce it, and all of me will call up these stuff. Pause Pause Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.