[00:00:00.17] OneOdio FM1:	I don't know what the plan is. It's a video. It was a story published in a pilot. I'm curious what... I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what the plan is. I don't know what the plan is. I don't know what the plan is. I don't know what the plan is. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudible I'm not fair to have thrown anything that's still in Los Angeles. Thank you for watching. You I'm not fair to have thrown anything that's still in Los Angeles. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm gonna press Sh*t in the middle of the run. Background noise Background noise (clears throat) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm (keyboard clicking) - Nice. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know Conspiracy is a new obstacle.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence The cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton, the cotton,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence but we'll see you all on the next one, and then we have to do all the things that we can do to make sure that we don't have to do all the things that we can do to make sure that we don't have to do all the things that we canPause You stand also in the dark night room.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilence It's a very little thing on the edge.silence I'm going to keep improving the kitchen very very much as a lot of people do the dishes. But I'm going to give them a little bit of the dishes.no speech detectedsilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic There's an air come on the line. Pulling it off. Turn it off. Turn it off. Turn it off. Turn it off. Turn it off. Turn it off. Turn it off. Turn it off. I think it's a little bit of a lot of xenon, but it's a little bit of a lot of xenon, but it's a little bit of xenon. I think it's a little bit of a lot of xenon, but it's a little bit of xenon, but it's a little bit of xenon, but it's a little bit of xenon, but it's a little bit of xenon, but it's a little bit of xenon. you yousilence You can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see it's a physical, you can see I'm going to put a little bit of text to our next folder. I'm going to put a little bit of text to our next folder. I'm going to put a little bit of text to our next folder. I'm going to put a little bit of text to our next folder.PausePausePausesilence This is a time I know you can handle that one. So now I am going to open it up and open it up. So now for me I am adding a bit of intubation to the visual and visual. I'm going to turn it into a small one. Okay, let's start. I'm going to make it a little bit... ...pressing. I'm going to make it a little bit... (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE I kind of wanted a simple to be a to be to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to toPausePausePause Of course, I don't want to get caught, so I don't want to get caught. If I can, I'll have to do something more. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)BuzzingBuzzingBuzzingBuzzingBuzzingBuzzingBuzzingsilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yeah, there was no such mission of only this. Thanks. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Yeah, we're going in a lot of trouble, since we're going to be in the mood for the rest of the day. It's a great experience, it's a great experience, it's a great experience, it's a great experience. I have to put a little toes back there. So I was a little bit bad now to, yeah, it's a little bit more than I am now, so I'm not going to be able to do it. That would be interesting, I don't know if you can see it, and next, when is the first time I've seen it? Hello. It's the same, I've seen it in the last year, in the last year. No idea what that was. Is it a big deal? And we are in 2005, I know that if I was to prove that I am strong, I know that I am not going to watch and that I am going to die, but I am not going to have problems and that I am not going to die. lost a little power, we can't tolerate it and it doesn't need to anchor and not target it at all for it, target it at 100, 20, or so, it just acts as if it's overbearing from the start, you'll be sorry.sighs Tick-tack, tick-tack, I'll see you later, then.silencesilencesilencesilence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm liking to have my time. I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I can't hold this just for a while, but I don't want to be a team partner, I can only hold this one, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner, I don't want to be a team partner this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can't hold this just for a while, but I can'tINAUDIBLE (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I'm going to switch to the bottom. I'm going to do the last one. I'm going to do the bottom ring. I'm going to do the last one. I'm going to do the bottom ring.FOREIGN I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know Silence Silencesilenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry the money is out now, so... just a little bit of stuff.Clock clicksClock clicks We are probably to go a little bit out there in Switzerland. I'm being really... Yeah, I'm a little bit out there, I'm being a little bit out there. Yeah, I'm being a little bit out there. I'm just a little bit out there, but I'm a little bit out there. I don't know how to do a couple of words. I'm going to clap in the end, I can clap with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of I don't know how to do a couple of words, but I don't know how to do a couple of words. Yeah, I need to go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then I'll go to the other room and then So, we should use this one here, but we have a pump under the chaffer, Intel, Motorola, That's all, all the time, it's all. But romantic panorites are going to be a wonderful way to households. What else is there for this and that and for some reason?Music Background noise Background noise Oh, yeah, yeah, this is how I started. This was. It was so effective to have a marker. It's pretty normal. Check out. Okay. Shit. Okay. Okay. and it will need 11, 12 more on your ear. So it can't even turn on. The test for your ears on. So you can see the test for your ear. So you can see the test for your ear.silenceinaudiblesilence Silence Silence I'm going to put you on a couch, so the couch will start to roll to the bottom of the wall. I'll still do the same thing on the other side of the wall. I'm very, so police service.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleCAMERA CLICKINGSPEAKING SPANISHinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background noise next image.MUSIC I'm not going to worry about it, so I'll deal with it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'm going to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how to make a video about how (sniffing) Mm. (sniffing)silence (coughs) So... (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) Yeah, we'll have a round of it. Which we'll be doing in the next... ...and then we'll have a round of it, and then we'll have a round of it. Team Ed and we can learn how to start with...INAUDIBLE I'm not sure what I'm going to do.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yeah, that means I'm going to get your hoping of a cure. Oh, yes.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) So if you don't know someone, you know what kind of system it is. Think about it now, and then we'll talk about some of the things we can do, and we can also talk about a family, a family, a family, a family, a family, and you'll hear that. You have a lot of spirituality, I don't know what we are going to explain. It's a great place. It's not just a place where you... ...you can still see the darkness. You have a lot of spirituality, I don't know what we are going to explain. You have a lot of spirituality, I don't know what we are going to explain. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) to buy a reference to Thomas Fieher. We'll just form the seven turns and then it's We have a new guest, so now we're all ready. We should show them what they're talking about. What they're talking about. We should show them what they're talking about. They're talking about what they're talking about. We should show them what they're talking about. We should show them what they're talking about. We should show them what they're talking about. Thanks for watching, I'll see you in the next one.silencesilencesilenceno audiono audiono audio in the box on the internet, and what it's called gates of Sphere. It's no joke, it's not a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's aMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing)silenceinaudible We can match our own all out. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs This is how to cook. If you want to cook anything, you have to help yourself. You have to step on it. You have to make a cooking water. You have to make a cooking water. You have to make a cooking water. You have to make a cooking water. You have to make a cooking water. (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to use a little bit more of this one, so I'm going to use a little bit more of this bit more of this one, so I'm going to use a little bit more of this one, so I'm going to (clicking) Dash has returned to the dust that is eternal. Thanks for watching. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thanks a lot. Yes, I'm going to do this. That's what I'm doing right there, I think. Let's do it like this, I think, here. But, I'm pushing it, and here I'm going to do the power. So, I'm going to catch up with that.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We don't need to be sure that we're going to do today. Thanks for the luck.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence (knocking on door)INAUDIBLEsilencesilence Silence Silencesilenceinaudible This is a look. You are stuck in there, you are too good to go to the official place, so that is the only way to do it. You are stuck in there, you are too good to go to the official place, so that is the only way to do it. You are stuck in there, you are too good to go to the official place, so that is the only way to do it. (keyboard clicking) Pause Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Let's press the second, let's mark it as time is needed. Let's press the second, press the second, press the second, press the second, press the second, Silence Silence I have to learn paper scissors. I have to work on paper scissors. I have to work on paper scissors. I have to work on paper scissors. I have to work on paper scissors. I have to work on paper scissors. I have to work on paper scissors. I have to work on paper scissors. I have to work on paper scissors. I have to work on paper scissors. I have to work on paper scissors. I'm going to put it on the top of the board. I'm going to put it on the top. I'm going to put it on the top of the board. I'm going to put it on the top of the board. I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll do that later, I'll doinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to have a gunshot, I'm going to get a gun, I'm going to get a gun, I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. I'm going to get a gunshot. and you're sitting there, and I'm not like I'd be old, I'd be ill, so I'm not going to ask it. I'm sitting on the watch, and I'm not using the new one, but I think it's my wrong name to mouthrate. This is so, actually, not my wrong. Not to the same name.silencesilencesilence Thank you all, until the next one. You know I'll just push the line and create them. Next I'll go on the other side and go on the other side. Click on the other side. Click on the other side. Silence Silenceno audiono audio Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to have to go to the next one. Yeah, I'll go to the next one. Yeah, I'm gonna stick it off. It's a claw. Yeah. Yeah. >> Down there opening down the switch. Top switch. >> Very ship. >> Any pal's mushrooms, that's Mark Knight's pulse.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Yeah, I know it's only a specific seat, and then I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll do the thing on my outside. So, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll Wham! You Wham! You You You You You Wham! Wham! Wham! Wham! Wham! Wham!no audiono audiono speech detected I'm going to add a little bit more of that in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more of that in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more of that in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more in the end, and then I'm going to add a little bit more in the end, and then I'm going I'll see you tomorrow. Cool.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHS >> Twin-times of alcohol here. Thank you, and in the end, all of them.no speech detectedno speech detected I got a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (laughing) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence I have to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going toMusic (clicking sound) (coughing) (clicking sound)MusicMusic Yeah, no harm, it's so rickson's fault. It's hard to actually have a, you know, to move.MUSIC PLAYINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause PausesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic What more is it, Kafa?Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Oh, sir, don't do it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound)no audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Uh-huh. (singing in foreign language) (speaking foreign language) (speaking foreign language) (speaking foreign language) (speaking foreign language) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSOUND What? (Gasps) (Gasps) (Gasps) (Gasps) (Gasps) (Gasps) (Gasps) (Gasps) (Gasps) (mumbles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) Ah, cousin.silencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC >> Don't know what's going on. >> I can't help you. >> What? (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silenceinaudiblesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Okay, ready? Ready, ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? (laughs) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible I'm gonna take a picture there. >> I do. I do know living. Well, you know, clearing the room. The camera here. Silence Silence (knocking on door) - Can we make some of that? (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (sniffing) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE I'm just going to say that I can say that I can say that I can say that I can say it too for you. I'm going to say that I can say that I can say that I can say it too for you. I'm going to say that I can say that I can say that I can say that I can say it too for you.MUSIC Pause (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)silencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilenceSOUND Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePause (singing in a foreign language) (singing in a foreign language) Silenceno audiono audiono audio So many loves to the world. There are many people who love each other. They are the ones who love each other. So many loves to the world. They are the ones who love each other. I don't want to waste my balance, but I need permission to see it. I need more time to get out of here. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, and then the top side model pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, pull-off, You see? I don't know. I don't know what's the worst, I'm kidding. I'm doing another patent job. I don't know if I'm just going to do it.Gasps SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I don't know if it's in the room. Third half of the room, it's too big. but we do think that the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the same as the I'm going to hand it over to the other side of the desk. I didn't do Shopsie, but I didn't do Shopsie, I didn't stick, you got to hang up. You can't hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, you don't need to hang up, Inaudible Remarkno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected We need to get our masks in order to take it out. We need to get our masks in order to take it out. We need to get our masks in order to take it out.silencesilencesilence Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting, I'm going to go to the next meeting Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm turning on the speaker, I think this is a little bit of a bit of a bit of a show around that box. I'm turning on the speaker, I think it's a little bit of a show around that box. I'm turning on the speaker, I think it's a little bit of a show around that box.MUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if you can see me, but I need a little bit of a cup of hot sauce. I don't think you don't know if you can see me, but I need a little bit of a cup of hot sauce. Maybe you can tell me what I'm going to do. I'm going to do it. Yeah, and also I couldn't, of course not, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, of course not, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't There's a lot more on the ground to play with the beauty of the world, but also else. So there's a lot of people who are not interested in the future or world targets. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a bit of a problem. I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but it's a bit of a problem.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm not going to be allowed to do that. I'm not going to be allowed to do that. I'm not going to be allowed to do that. I'm not going to be allowed to do that. I'm not going to be allowed to do that. I'm not going to be allowed to do that. I'm not going to be allowed to do that. I'm not going to be allowed to do that. I'm not going to be allowed to do that. I'm not going to be allowed to do that. I'm not going to be allowed to do that. Oh, that's just cool, man. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Silence Inaudible Remarksighsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I have to let Shinenglul burn down all the buildings while the tunnel runs, I don't thinkinaudible (laughs) Alright, let's take a closer look at this. (sighs) (sighs) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers)no audio We said it was all not so much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilenceSighs Since, uh, we were, uh, what's your name? Two new names. We might take five. No.SighsNOISE I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudible Are you ready to see my co-cowind? I don't think so, but I'll see you in the next one. So, I'll have a quick tour of the festival. I'll see you in the next one. Oh, there it is. Thank you. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. you write me to this, one you did very bad to say that she never was the same to anybody. I'm not a compliment, you'll call me once. Thank you very much.silence So, the context is all going to cut us through, because you're done. So, we'll just see if someone could flip you some of the things that you're doing. Okay.Pause We're calling now the next day of the show. I'm going to be able to close this door. I'm going to miss past memory. I'm going to miss past memory. I'm going to miss past memory. I'm going to miss past memory. I'm going to miss past memory. I'm going to miss past memory. Silence Silence And what that this is, I'm a symbol of King, or they don't know where you're staying. Going to become a funeral. Listen to that, I can't find a funeral. I'll stop flashing on the serve. Well, you'll see at the same time, between the test number two point. It's about to start. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE (knocking on door) (sniffing on door) (sniffing on door) (sniffing on door) (sniffing on door) (sniffing on door) (sniffing on door) and .inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Wow.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) (sighs) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to take you later, I'll rinse. I'll rinse. I'm going to make sure that there are no more things that are going to happen in the future. Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePause YeahMUSIC >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to color it.silence And we have a lot of CTD, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, a lot of CTDs, So, it's in the soup. It's also in the intake of salt. It's in the soup. It's in the soup. It's also in the intake of salt. It's in the soup. It's in the soup. It's in the soup. It's also in the intake of salt. It's in the soup. It's also in the intake of salt. (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers)INAUDIBLE I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I don't know what's up, I don't know, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know. I don't know what's up, I don't know.PausePausePauseno audio (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's not too bad, right? Yes, it is. It's too bad, right? (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (speaking in foreign language) and that's how my friends know how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how to do it, and how tono audiono audio Oh. You You You You Silence (coughing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE I think I'm really going to have to split this up, and I think I'm going to get my line. I think I'm really going to get my line. I think I'm going to get my line.no audio I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryINAUDIBLE (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) Silence Silence Thank you.silenceinaudiblesilence I'm sure it's cool, you know.MusicMusic Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. You You You Thank you. (coughing) (coughing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEMusic Not point in time.Music (laughs) (gasps)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence Hmm.silencesilence (humming)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (grunts) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (laughs) (keyboard clicking) (sighs)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected SilenceSOUND Silence Silence SilenceSOUND (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Oh.silencesilence SilencePanting Silence (sniffing) Wow. (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiono audio (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilence (sighs) (knocking on door) (groans) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audio Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) and and and You'll need any grants. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going to cut this out, I'm going So, I'm up, I might try and help you too, but I'm going to start to, I mean to, I'm not going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm I'm not sure, anyway, well, I don't know how much I can push this. Well, to do me a nance. You have challenged me a lot more, but I would like a light any of you, just a lot more. and fix it up on the spare's cover. I think if you have any problems, you should have done this first. Yeah, it's my perspective, and I'm going to need to all do it.MusicMusicMusicsighssighssnifflesdoor opensdoor closesinaudible one or two more systems. Silence Silence I'm going to go to the map and press the select button, and then click on the green button. You can see the red button on the red button. You can see the red button on the red button. (keyboard clicking) - North Tele. I'm gonna get a minute to tell him. I'm really done with this. I'm really, really, really... You want to put that on the side? Yeah, okay. The real thing is that I'm not going to show you. I'm not going to let you know that I'm over there. I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm over there. I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm over there.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilenceno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> You already will get to the next. I'll see you next time. See you later. Bye. Bye. (singing in foreign language) I'm going to put it on there. I'm going to put it on there. I'm going to put it on there. I'm going to put it on there. I'm going to put it on there. I'm going to put it on there. I'm going to put it on there. I'm going to put it on there. I'm going to put it on there. I'm going to put it on there. SilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audioMusicMusicMusicMusic You know, there's things that's all I have to say. and and I'll be right back here, much better now. Silence >> All right. Silence I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do a little bit more.silencesilence Hello, nice.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence that is the second line they made. It's not really my idea, it's a procedure. I don't know if I can do it or not, but I can do it in a different way than I do. I don't know if I can do it or not, but I can do it in a different way. I don't know if I can do it or not, but I can do it or not. I don't know if I can do it or not. of all the show for us, yeah, and the box is open for this. Do you not prove believing in the modern verse? I'll show you that. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm so done with the big detector, left wing, the TTF. That is my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul, it's my soul And then to reflect here, too. Thank you. Silence Silence I'm not sure what I'm going to do with this one. I'm not sure what I'm going to do with this one. The don't count the creep. I'm going to try to get a bit faster. I'm going to try to get a bit faster. I'm going to try to get a bit faster. I'm going to try to get a bit faster. I have a very good room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have a lot of room, I have What's going on here? I don't know. I'm going to open the door for you, I don't know how to open the door. So, I believe it's a lot, but I'm near the end to it, what will I talk about today? So, you know, I mean, I'm just a model. I'll push more to the middle down, and then... I'll press that button, and then you'll press it in the middle. I'll remember the middle, and then I'll press it in the middle.silencesilenceINAUDIBLE I will try and see if we can make a last one by set. We don't know what we're supposed to do. We're going to try and see if we can make a last one by set. We're going to try and see if we can make a last one by set. I'm going to leave the names until the last one, it's up, so that's it, so you're left in the wrong place, and you should be able to point the shoes at the place, so it's all right. All right. All right. All right. No, I don't think I can do it. So I plan on doing it. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it. Do you feel the urge, but it's going to be normal, but it's going to be normal, but it's going to be normal. >> You may have a hint of what it is. >> It's all the sources. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) about the bears' story in the middle of the slides to firepots. That's all for today. We'll see you in the next episode. I'm very happy to see you again. Thank you very much. See you in my group. Thanks for watching. Bye. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence You said you would at least tell me what you wanted to tell me to make sure you don't. I'm going to see how it's done. I'll tap here to match it down. I'll tap here to match it down. You can see the difference between the two. I'm not going to be able to do it. Silence >> George. Silence >> Let's see.silencesniffsniffsniffsniff >> I think we need to hear what else is there to hear. I'm just interested in growing up in a bit of a synthesizer version of the T-Fill, T-Pack, and the T-Fill, you can all know it. Depth of the doors, no.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence *Sigh* You're all too far, babe. Close this.silencesighingsilence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)INAUDIBLE I don't know what that is, it's too long to know. It's too long to know, but this one, that's too short. Huh? Whoa!MUSIC I don't know how long it will be going this. I don't know how long it will be going this. I don't know how long it will be going this. (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (sighs) (sighs) (door slams) (door slams) Silence >> All right, you all right, Mr. Siege? Silence (clicks tongue) (clears throat) (clicks tongue) (coughs) (coughs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) And you say what does your next set also do? (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Let me see.Pause Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Oh, I'm not done yet. Silenceinaudible So I'm going to turn on the filter and I'm going to turn on the filter to see if it works. Oh, it's a little bit too tense.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence and we'll see you guys. I don't know what to do, but I'm just going to see some others who want to see some of them. So I want to talk to them, I'm not going to be able to tell them what they're going to do. You know, if you're not going to be able to tell them what they're going to do. published this.MusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detected I don't see how to take good at this damage, but I also take a lot of damage. I don't even know. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking)INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yeah, I'll let you see. I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to ask the low killing swan. I'm going to ask the low killing swan.silencesilence Hey, I'm thinking I'm gonna rip.silence I'm thinking I'm gonna rip.silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseSounds of the door opening and closing soundSounds of the door opening and closing soundSounds of the door opening and closing soundSounds of the door opening and closing soundSounds of the door opening and closing soundSounds of the door opening and closing soundSounds of the door opening and closing soundSounds of the door opening and closing soundSounds of the door opening and closing soundSounds of the door opening and closing soundSounds of the door opening and closing sound And the glory came and the death of the temple is still an act according to what it's all about. I can't really see myself in this world, in which we're all going to see.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (clicks tongue) Oh, good job. (silence) (silence) That is not too much of a call, you know. and that it's said only in the end to say no more, you're going to have to add that there are some for you to add the same deals for you. So you're going to have to sell all of it. So panic that no sewage mic for no red needs, which is a little bit better, but the rest is nice, well, almost made by... I mean, not good. Not good. Not good, not good. I'm not good, I'm not good, I'm not good. I'm not good, I'm not good. I'm not good, I'm not good. I'm not good, I'm not good.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I love to know. Pause >> Speaking in foreign language All of us for the next part of the year, I am going to give you more ideas and ideas of the player press. Thank you for your time, I am going to give you more ideas and ideas of the player press. I don't know what you're going to do next year, but I don't know what you're going to do next year. I don't know what you're going to do next year, but I don't know what you're going to do next year, but I don't know what you're going to do next year. I don't know what you're going to do next year, but I don't know what you're going to do next year. I don't know what you're going to do next year, but I don't know what you're going to do next year. I don't know what you're going to do next year, but I don't know what you're going to do next year. I don't know what you're going to do next year, but I don't know what you're going to do next year. I don't know what you're going to do next year, but I don't know what you're going to do next year. I love you a lot, miss, all we tell miss. Can we start later on when we don't know what it is, what it is. I don't really see anything. Oh, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is. Let's see what it is.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (door slams) Can you hold your object to your blade if you want to? Well I can't hold your head and it's always I can't wear all my money from it. I can't hold your head and it's always I can't hold your head. This was shared, it seems all of me in context, you know, it's all towards, from me to me in context, this, the team that I have. My human and colleague, my man, that's bad. I'm going to have to invent it so that I'm not going to be able to use it. to the end of the virus. I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want to say that I just want Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarksilencesilencesilencesilenceclickingclickingclickingsilencesilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence I don't know if I'm over it, getting the work done by the way. Now that's almost done, I'm pushing out so we keep going to do the harsh bit of the finish. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise >> Let me show you. Background noise Background noise (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> Ouch. (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) >> I just want to start with the numbers.silencesilenceMusic I'm just going to give you a rags and smoothing, and now that's about that, I suppose. I know some stuff you do, and I laugh at that kind of thing, but I hang out with a bird, and I'm going to walk past every thing I find in the evening. I'm going to hang out with a bird, and I'm going to say, "Nah, hang in there." And I'm going to see my tail on the walls for a minute. of machine gun, normal, or better than me. Okay, man, how's that? I don't know. I'm just going to explain it. You want to tell me what age it is, there are all types of units on the zone to thank me, and expressing in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a bad mood, in a I tried my best to put all of the night out for one of the movie shit in the evening. I couldn't even tell if it was the night or the movie car we were chasing. I don't know if you know. Do you need me or do you see what the movie is? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to leave it here. I left all the in and off. You can see them. They're all bound. They're all bound. Things are going to be fine. I'm not sure if we can do it well, but if we can do it well, we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it well, so we can do it and the level of 10% and we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, we have a lot of fun with the factory, Thank you very much for your time. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm gonna have to move. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible In my mind, you say, "I'm going to lift up." What's with this? This is a poor one, too. I'm going to act, and then there's lots on your watch, lots. We're all dead, and then... *snap* And then.., and then there's lots in the car... *snap* Outcorp. As far as I'm concerned, as far as I'm concerned.INAUDIBLESIGHSSIGHS (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) on my cut-outs, really very difficult. I'm very lucky to install the bed in the next one, so I'll install all the ones. Thanks for watching.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs and then the other one. (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to start with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of ano speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing)Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking and I'll be listening to you in the next video. I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not should know all of it.PfftPfftPfftPfftPfftPfftPfftPfftPfftPfft SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to try to do a little bit of it, I'm going to try to do a little bit of it. I'm going to try to do a little bit of it, I'm going to try to do a little bit of it. My hands are going to be covered up, but I'm not going to put you in the back. I'm not going to put you in the back, but I'm not going to put you in the back.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence What a sec. What's your task?silenceMusic I'm sorry tonight all of the men Yathir are all dead to keep. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audioMusic Go to the next one then yes. I don't know what to do, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it, but I'm not going to do it, but I'm not going to do it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE but I'm doing a lot of work to push. Can that happen? Yes. Oh, you know. What's this one? I'm going to listen to the end of it, you have a great chorus book. I'm going to have a set. I'm going to listen. Now I need to watch the video. I don't know what to do with it, but I'm going to put it on the bottom. I'm not sure what to do with it, but I'm going to put it on the bottom. Tsk, tsk, tsk. I need that tool to move around on the shelf, and you need to fit sure cause it needs to move. Not the main. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) That's the music I'm going to hear them from, I'm going to listen to them. No, I'm only going to take a little break and then I'm going to play some music. I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do it, I'm not sure if I can do I don't have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you have a cup of tea, I don't know if you But, you know, it's not our sword, it's our weapon, it's the magic sword, it's our weapon. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (gasps) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) Thank you for watching. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I think it's still a copy of this only the problem, wait a minute, wait a minute, I feel you're getting it, Terce. Also, yes. Thanks for watching. I'll turn it on because I'm not going to be able to do it. I'll turn it on because I'm not going to be able to do it. I'll turn it on because I'm not going to be able to do it. I'll turn it on because I'm not going to be able to do it. I'll turn it on because I'm not going to be able to do it. I'll turn it on because I'm not going to be able to do it. I'll turn it on because I'm not going to be able to do it. I'll turn it on because I'm not going to be able to do it. I'll turn it on because I'm not going to be able to do it. I'll turn it on because I'm not going to be able to do it. I'll turn it on because I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to go up in the middle of the crease. I'm not going to go up in the middle of the crease. I'm going to sit a golden hole. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if I can do it. I can't believe it. I don't know, must have thought you see it, but it looks so good.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE I don't know, there's a church with a lot of black and white clothes on them. It's very old, but a lot of stuff. I must be a demon to promise you. So. you you you One of the enemies. If this is the right amount of time, it's just anything. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryINAUDIBLESIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Silence >> Larry? Silence >> This is the first time I've ever seen this. Silence I don't really need a better shot, but I'll throw this one to the other side of the wall. I'm going to use this to actually start from a good deal of, very good. Ah! It's just a good deal of stuff. I'm going to go up in one minute, so I'm going to go up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, so I'm going up in one minute, I'm just going to put it on the lens. (keyboard clicking) And... (keyboard clicking) (grunts) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Yeah, I can't remember if I can remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the volume of the song I'm listening to, or if I can't remember the That's all for now, come on, sir. This is a good idea. I'm not talking like my last test base. Oh, I've been on it for a long time. I've been on it for a long time. Thank you. Thank you.INAUDIBLE We're going to talk about sex. I'm just going to do a little bit of it. I'm just going to do a little bit of it. I'm just going to do a little bit of it. Silence I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do itSOUND (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing)COUGHINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) I'll see you in the next video. I got them. Yeah. No, no. No. Yeah. (sniffing) (sniffing) (clearing throat) (sniffing) (clearing throat) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)silence Oh, shoot.silence I'm not the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's thesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudiblesilence (sniffing) I'll just sit down. The sound. Seeing these and the sound. You have kept going for which we thought they were going to be. I don't know if you can tell me what you're saying. I don't know if you can tell me what you're saying. I don't know if you can tell me what you're saying. I don't know if you can tell me what you're saying. I don't know if you can tell me what you're saying. I don't know if you can tell me what you're saying. So I'm not going to see that the cinnamon has all the plastic in them, you know, it's really not a piano, you don't do it properly. What it is, it's a real precise. In 1000. >>INAUDIBLEinaudible I'm going to now use something to shallow it up more, yeah? The shallow or the first shallow, shallow, shallow is what I'm talking about. Sheldon is from Chum. You see, uh, um... That was a nice, it's a really good channel, it's been a lot of fun. and just to just back up with some of the little things, and then it's time for the long-sleeve rosters. Things get too long, I think, 10,000 times. It's the size of it, you know, really, really easy to get out of. system, right? (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking)silencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) to all of our ministers. You don't have to wait until you have the effect on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have to be on the scene, you don't have >> Yeah, I'm in a nengal, so I think so that's a ball of policy in all of it, and I'll be here for the Latvian Mall. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Thank you all for your time. I think I have to go through all of this. I don't know why, I don't think I have to go. I don't know what to say. Maybe I should have told you something. If I don't go, I don't know what to say. I don't know what to do. I'm just asking you what? I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSICno speech detectedno speech detected >> No, I was just a chance to overcome this and this chance to. (keyboard clacking) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Address to the other side of the link, and service. I'm going to use this. In the middle of it. I'm going to use this. I don't know if you can see what the edges are. So I'm going to send it up to you now and I'll take that from... ...but I don't know what that means. I'll be here, hopefully. Send it to me. Pause >> And that's it. That's it. No more oxygen. No more alcohol. That's the early delivery. PausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCLICKINGINAUDIBLEsilencesighssilencesilencesilencesighssilence the the So again, we'll do this. I'll make the other thing move. One. Go down here. We're going to have to do this move. We need to move to the other end of the house. I'm going to write the name, name, and the name. I'm going to say hi to you guys.PausePausePauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll see you in English with the spirit of hero on that Nintendo hero on the other side of the room.clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it I don't know if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not, but I'm not sure if I can do it or not So test me a ligand in my new type of schlick in the house. Test me in, can I mention? Test me in, can I mention?SIGHS I'll tell you a little bit about the lights and the other lights, so I'll tell you a little bit about the lights and the lights and the other lights and the other lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the lights and the I'm going to be there when you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you're not here, you'reMusicMusicMusic But also for Salute as you all can have a lot of fun, yeah, I thought it was great.INAUDIBLE but you can stay in there all the time. (snaps fingers) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) Silence Silence Thank you, though, for letting me know when I'm sure I'm gonna put that word in some better way.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know if you can see it. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I love it here in this test. Thank you very much. Which is all dead. To all the losses you gave me. You're doing it from the back-up show. It's about your name. You're doing it from the back-up show. You're doing it from the back-up show. You're doing it from the back-up show.silencesilence Silence You'd like to get it? I'm going to start with the general camouflage and the little one on the finish. I should leave. Silence SilenceClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceMUSIC (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, we'll wait for the snowpings. So, we'll wait for the snowpings. So, we'll wait for the snowpings. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (clicking) (sniffing) (knocking) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePauseMusic >> You know what, we could say, I can't do that. In the interactive sign-up, we are going to make a BVB, so that we can make sure that we have the same result. Yeah, we should be sure that we are going to do that.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)INAUDIBLE Thank you very much. I don't know if it's the only thing. (smooches) 'Cause I don't know if it's the only thing I don't know if it's the only thing I don't know if it's the only thing I don't know. (smooches) (smooches) (smooches) (smooches) (smooches) So if you take the tape, you know what I mean with the computer. Then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take the tape and then you take So if you take the tape, you know what I mean with the computer, you know what I mean with the computer. I think it's a lot of work, but it's not as good as the time is now. That's why I've finally made it to the point where I can't do anything. I don't know what to do with it, but I'm going to do it. I'm going to have to learn how to do it. That's what I'm doing.Pause (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) - You can have a good start. (indistinct) (speaking in foreign language) the bottom of the system. Thanks for watching. Now, the 3 second line is not going to come here, it's going to come here, it's going to come here. Thank you for watching. You Thank you for watching. But I hope you all did well. You're not always in a good mood to behave. You're not always in a good mood to behave. Because you're a stand-punch professional. You're a professional. Clothes. All the components. I think that a long, long, mini-sand. I'm going to take a text. I'm going to add a little bit more. I'm going to add a little bit more. I'm going to add a little bit more. I'm going to add a little bit more. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for considering to fix my life completely in the heading here immediately. So, I have to go to the end of the job. Who is keeps on doing this in my opinion because he has pleasure from this stated. Psychopath by nature, it changes coping mechanism to become the dangerous kind of psychopath that has now addiction to inflicting suffering to others and uses an addiction to replace feelings by seeing a reaction of pain. We know that you are being from an infected or not perished. That balance is back. The rest doesn't.Music Why would I need to learn to be equally mean to someone else? There is no scenario why I need to do this. Neither is there for boys, just the scoping mechanism.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLE Thank you very much for your time. Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Because there's still need time to process. (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceinaudible 24 I can live for. I can live for. I can live for. I can live for. I can live for. I can live for. I can live for. I can live for. I can live for. I'll be good with one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one more, one and the mic, and that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, This is right, it's very simple, or? But that's just one little problem for a limited number of humans on the planet. There's 8 billion left as well. The dots are threatened by much bigger problems. But that unit, and then I'm going to go to suicide again. So again, no, because there are much more grown and better and smarter person that knows how to feel recognized emotions and how to process them also in a way that is still allowing me to be aware for them. So what I can do and maybe better not do, but you lose this awareness of what you feel. But it still gets stored somewhere until we have to process it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Boers needs to be eliminated, use blocking, roadblock thing, blocking, killing and too much people die, too much people suffer just because of this one person not seeing this clearly and not acceptable at all, and if I need to die first, before more people see this and take action to eliminate boys and Bryan. That is what it will be, but But there's a lot more to do. Humans want to survive, but there is again, going to the big wars and the big teams that I'm not relevant for the little people that you then only consider yourselves including me as well. Let's not up to it. Well, blah, blah. using to see the bigger. picture because first you need to fix your mess and when you're mad and fixed then the mess is going to start all over again. If I die it will start all over again when I little victim that gets to use more often than the E2470 again. Silence You have a world if they do get to the The point where you know they will commit suicide and they will have the right to be successful that will be that. Just let them die but you actually intervene with all the cases.silence So, no prevention of the pseudo-assue side of what's happened, let the subsides and and the person. price, take the goal of this and accept the ball loss. I'm not a young, you better not. because yeah, I'm trying to have him for a republic. Nice and bit muddy, but the person will say "should I also do that up?" It really keeps him meeting very well, so somewhere near his inside. You want the whole side to so? And that's what you're being like no less things with reoccurring. Still live all this up. You You (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, one of the people died? From this? 9/10/9 And the one that's songs that don't have to join your sucessful Silence (keyboard clicking) It sounds completely insane on our sweep. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Right, go away, go away. Somebody has lost my most beautiful nose. Something in the past was better than this. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clacking) Yeah, I just had to use my mission stuff. Well, that's probably why I wanted to buy a palette. I think we should change. That's fine.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilence Yes.silencesilencesilence I don't know if you all thought it's correct.inaudibleinaudiblesilenceclickingsilencesilence I'm going to put the company doors, not the crossroads, and I can't do that. I'll try to do a little bit of showing the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips around the clips Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)INAUDIBLEsilencesilence Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) Oh, it feels like just playing with Barbie dolls. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence You may pose or I'll show you maybe I'll be back. Thank you. Oh. Oh. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clacking)MusicMusicCLEARS THROATsilencesilence (coughing) (sniffing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) Oh.Musicsilence Ah!INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (grunting) (grunting) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (burps)silencesilencesilencesilence PauseCAMERA CLICKINGno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)SOUND Oh.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing)silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (groans) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (sniffing) (grunting) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence (laughing) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (growling) (growling) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping)MUSICno audio (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (groaning) (groaning) (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesniffingsilencesilence (clears throat) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (upbeat music) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilence Silence Silence (knocking) Thank you guys, keep in think about how to kill me, that's all. So everyone is going to be helped with it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Thank you. You You You You Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence That's all I say. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Well, they leave me down. Takes my life, kill me. You You So much for all of you had to make me repeat what I already said so many times and each time I do it, I must have learned a lot from you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silenceno audiono audiosilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICK (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Baa-baa-baa.MUSIC (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)SOUND Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicSOUNDSOUND I'll see you in the next video, bye bye! I'll see you in the next video, bye bye! I'll see you in the next video, bye bye! I'll see you in the next video, bye bye! I'll see you in the next video, bye bye! I'll see you in the next video, bye bye! I'll see you in the next video, bye bye! I'll see you in the next video, bye bye! I'll see you in the next video, bye bye! This one.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSsilencesilence SilenceXBOX SOUNDLAUGH - Yeah, yeah. - Yeah. (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) Oh, I know. (laughs) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Pause Oh. Oh. Oh.no audiono audiono audio (crying) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Inaudible Remark Pause (laughs) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Oh, it's really low. It's really low. All of me. Sorry. Oh, come on. Okay.CLICK Ah!CLICKCLICK (laughing) I'm not going to go there, man, I'm going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there, you're going to go there (coughing) (sniffing) (coughing) (sniffing) Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well I guess I almost had it called very well because it's not even a little bit of a deal. You see this sign? (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence (keyboard clicking) Hey! Yeah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! I'm going to go back home. I'm not sure if I can do it. I think it's all right.Clears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatCLICK Yeah, a lot, a lot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Oh, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know.silencesilencelaughter (sniffing) (crying) (singing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSIC (clicking sound) I don't know. (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceCOUGHno audio Silence SilenceMusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (coughing) Wow. Wow. - What was that? - Yeah. Wow. Wow Wow (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence >> Hello. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silence Oh, no, no, no, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Silence Silence Silence Silence What's up, apart? I'm dead. Is there a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead, a dead What's up, apart? (snap) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence call it that.Music (laughing) (keyboard clicking) Oh, yeah. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) the . I don't know how many of them, I'm just going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to do what I'm going to do and I'm going to doinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence (bell dings) - That's from the... over there. (clicks) (clicks) (clicks) (clicks) Pause Pause So, we just set up our identification number, the number of 8 nm to 8 nm. So, we just set up our identification number, the number of 8 nm to 8 nm to 8 nm. in the hook hop. That makes no sense. Come on, stop, but you go shit. Now you're inventing bullshit to try to make sure that you're in the hook hop. So what you do because of what? Well, I know a little bit why, you might as she confused me because of the innately number of individualities, then could be one too few. That might be garbage as well, but that was just maybe the poor paper thing. post the thing and then just suggestion and then there was what Then there was a napwater quah, while having the The pumps on all around there with the pumps from Voices come and they'll be surrounding But it was just now what they're going on all of itinaudible Oh, man. Well, it was just not about the cornering else. Or say it's who just wants to work with you. It's who you say it is.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (laughing) (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Pause Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected What you said, what you said, what you said. Say you are... Say you are... Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Say you are... Is it a landmower or is it supposed to be a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a landmower or a land I don't really have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to do, I don't have a lot of work to *mimicking the sound of the music* *mimicking the sound of the music* Please do so. I have to stop. No, there's something very... Ash, you have to stop. for the bomb bomb, the bandit, okay, where? Thank you, your parents, your parents, your parents, your parents, your parents, your parents, your parents, your parents, your parents. (singing in foreign language) - Cut that palm, palm, palm, buu. Back to the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh Oh I'm sorry Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh OhINAUDIBLEBellBellBellBellBellBellBellBellBellsilence You can lock the lock on the lock on the lock. You can lock the lock on the lock. You can lock the lock on the lock. I don't think you will never be able to try to make me ignore you but I must be within the boundaries of what we've stated. and you don't have any time to do this, it's a second challenge, I'm going to show you what you're going to do in the wrong parameters, the parameters that you're going to show. Do you want to see? All right, here we go. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know (clicking) - Seriously, I'm just a maximum of police. Seriously, I'm just a little bit of police.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Pause Pause Well, I don't want to know, no one in the video wants to know, do you really want to know?Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (groaning) (groaning) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (snoring sound) (clicking sound) Silence Silence Silence Silence Oh.Music (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) Pause Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE Silence >>INAUDIBLE Pause Pause Silence Inaudible RemarkMusic (clicking) (clicking) (whimsical music) (whimsical music) (whimsical music) (whimsical music) (singing in foreign language) Okay, and you've got a little bit of space left. Let's go down. (singing in foreign language) (indistinct) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't want to beat it, I want to beat it, I don't want to go away from it, I'm not swearing I can't take this lot off with myself, I don't need all time. of life out to the world, to the whole world of work. But in my portion of work, for a minute, it's time for me to go to the world, after I go to the world. Silence Background noiseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Hello, just recap of what is important in case of the most likely big bit of variance. So, in both the recap, the last two days they've been continuously abusing me at a very flat, but very intense level. What is it for? Is the question came up again because it's obviously the same for years, the same result I'm hurting, I'm hurting, my life is destroyed. out, got to kill myself out of her respectful life because they are just ruining it to the point of this awful but it's not gonna I steal the lead abuser so ugly psychopathic I'm able to feel ugly is the one I use In case most likely variants know that I do not agree criteria have absolutely not been met absolutely not this is different from their That should be enough Silence SilenceBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirping I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. So, we are going to start with a little bit more. So, we are going to start with a little bit more. (clicking) - I'm just on there, like you should. - See? - I'm gonna go cry on this. I belong and I'm done and I'm just sculpted in this. So now that I'm doing this. I'm trying to add another edition of this. You can be aware of anything. Just to be taught, whatever. Just to be taught, whatever.MUSICSOUND Silence Silencesilencesnifflessighs Get them to do the right thing, even if they need a... I'll use all my health over there in the next video. Pause PauseBELL RINGS (sighs) - What? - Transcremes, solution two.inaudible Thanks for the noise, Malciot, how do you do? Thank you very much. (coughing) I don't know. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)SilenceSilence I do realize that I am doing shadow thinking on previous videos. thinking will now completely thinking as structuring will worser means thinking and fully relying on the partially completely closed, not used to completely thinking. I identify with more precision from the emotional match to be able to do this shadow thinking to so much sense and they would know that it's family and I got a lot of things. But that is a day benefit with all of us, and I actually got a few to do some of this thing, and until you know that the emotional national army isn't necessarily the only thing I've checked out in the whole thing. I think we're doing the thing from our costs. I don't have the chance of taking it in. So, well, make you forget to hold on to the shadow thinking, or the whole possible, because I was based in the part of the irreprojective system. So, be creating more, but still probably use a current thinking, or getting away into the other thinking. experience in the way you want to say something that is serious down in the way that is not serious So what is the stress mode of the length of the length? The yoms for this is actually useful for it too. Which it was only allowing. Just the stress mode is not the variation of the other factors. Instead of being becoded, no, that what I was then doing. all the things we want to endangers.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sighs) (sighs) - Oh, it's cold. Both cold in the hell. Oh.INAUDIBLE I have no reassurance to have ever had if it failed and I just next number of music. It is not okay. It will mean I die. I have everything with it. Everything that comes with it, which is everything. But then you may get this water reminiscence exercise of freedom. I don't know. (coughing) Oh no, I got it. It's not okay, you need to get all man. You know, you've got me allowing us to love being able to. things and what you put me in. I'm just getting harder. I'm not going to say what you need for the proof.no speech detected (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighs)sighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Okay. (keyboard clicking) (sighs) Uh... (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono speech detectedno speech detected (groaning) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence SilenceGrowls Oh, no. I'm sorry. I You You You You (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Silence Uh-huh, uh-huh.SilenceSilence (laughing)silenceXBOX SOUND (sighs) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking)MUSIC Bye-bye.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (coughing) (sniffing) (singing in foreign language) (coughing) (coughing) I'll send you a cell, yeah, I can't, I'll send you a cell, yeah, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (whimpering) No, what's the matter? I found it. I found it. I found it. I found it. I found it. I found it. I found it. I found it. I found it. (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting)INAUDIBLE Ha, ha. Ha. Ha! Yeah, I feel good. Don't know that I'm so tired, so I'm going to go to bed. (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (coughing) (groaning) (coughing) (coughing)MusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.silencesilencesilence (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence One, two, three, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, five (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting)SOUNDSIGHSsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (groaning) (groaning)SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS SilenceGrowlingGrowlingGrowlingGrowling Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusicinaudibleMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Music Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MUSIC Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicSighsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.Musicinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible So, I'm going to go to the next slide, I'm going to go to the next slide, I'm going to go Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Inaudible Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. you you you Background Sounds Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Background SoundsinaudibleMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds So, I'll say I need to go and see what needs to be done here, if you want to go all the things you need to do there, if you need to see what needs to be done here, if you need to go to the other side, if you need to go to the other side, if you need to go to the otherinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Music (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudible Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) Music (inaudible) Background Sounds Background noiseINAUDIBLE Pause Background SoundsinaudibleMusic Background Sounds Pause InaudibleMusic Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Music (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Pause Laughter Thank you. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Pause Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.Musicinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Silence Thank you. (inaudible) (inaudible) Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MUSIC Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.inaudible Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Musicinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible There is an official at the hospital where nobody is even on this glass for me. It's an actual hospital. The hospital has been in the hospital for a long time. The hospital has been in the hospital for a long time. The hospital has been in the hospital for a long time. The hospital has been in the hospital for a long time.inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Pause Pause PauseBELL RINGING (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So. So. So. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible I'll see you tomorrow. I'm gonna see you soon. Music Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible Why should we still be in a ratsome? I know I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I don't think I can do it. I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I have a lot of things to do with my life I have a lot of things to do with my life, but I don't think I can do it. Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark I remember the 3G, I did not know that she almost did this, I was like a robot, plus a mask, I am sorry. You're up for luck, I brought me back to you, so I found out that this meeting is safe to the level of sharp, good, up, and complete it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE to think that it was possible to have a full of water in the future.inaudible So, to this bloody body, not about it being actually this world now, for a cheap and nice hence, that I would have been a last-minute series to be back and back, and from here I have been a big little bit older, so I'm sure maybe I got too much on you to see the series so far. No one would be going to school, or it's probably too much against the screen, so I'm sure. Music Background Soundsinaudible Inaudibleinaudible Thank you Mr. Chair. I would like to thank you for the fact that you're the first one to be able to do this and all along, and I'll see you in the end on "Catch the Violence" page. Of course. Thank you, Chair. Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Well, I'll take you home, just to go to the police home. Um, I need to go inside and say I need to go to the police home. Yeah, I need to go to the police home. Yeah, I need to go inside and say I need to go to the police home. Yeah, I need to go inside and say I need to go to the police home. Yeah, I need to go inside and say I need to go to the police home. Yeah, I need to go to the police home. Yeah, I need to go inside and say I need to go to the police home. Yeah, I need to go inside and say I need to go to the police home. Background noise This is probably a bonus. It's a bit of a bonus. multiple lessons and it's important to me to do that. Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible the process, you'll see this kind of discharge of three hours once a month in brandy's decisions. I'm sure of the numbers, and so that means I'm going to say, one, I come to town and I'm going to say, "Should you try to go over to the area that you've told me for?" I thought, "Well, I'm going to have to go over to the place." I told, "I'm going to have to serve with a hand in the restaurant." You know, if you can't run out, you're scared of the video. I'm happy to find the evidence. The one person in Canada called me saying they had a moment to find anything. So I think you're going to see that on people on once. You think it kind of smells like fresh paper. I don't have a lot of money in it. I'm going to tell a friend, "You want me to go home?" That's it.inaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (indistinct)Music MusicMusic Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) She breaks through the door, and she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone,Music (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Silence Silence Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark I do not know what happened to them, what happened to both of them. So I just don't know what happened to them. It's fine. Well, I've seen it through the evening. What happened to them? I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So leave my reason to be here and as a part of the covalent, you'll have to give us a half of a certain amount of money. I'll take you to the next piece of money. But, please follow me to the next piece of money. Just a little bit of money left. I'll take you to the next piece of money. I'll take you to the next piece of money. Background Soundsinaudible But you also want to break that up when I'm talking to someone on the social side of your body. If you're a real pull of distinction, you don't have to worry about what you're talking about. I'm leading people all the side of your body. But yes, there is a possibility. There's no path to the other body. to bar and then she went out and I was going to sit in the back of the mouth. She went to sit, she brought me a dress and we did not want to listen. There I was. Yeah. I don't know what I saw in the floor. I'm not going to sit. No. This is the question. I don't think I was going to do what she said.inaudible She's putting it out before I move to check the mood. Is it pretty? It turns out that it's happening to me now. I'm really moving to check the mood to check the mood. She's a real weird person. That's more hard. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark and that's what I'm going to be doing right now. to all of the British and country of the last 40,000 women, all of the Israeli-Cieberhunter, John Worsh.MUSICMUSIC (indistinct) before we can have a possible impact on the existing graph that we can have at the bottom of the line in the bottom floor, since we start just already sitting at the bottom. This is the result. That's side of the floor. That's it. That's it. All of the video. You'll have actually only one boss.Music Inaudible Remark And this is our last vlog with Richard. You sure? You think it looks good to be right? You know, I'm ready to be right. Well, I kind of guess I'll be talking to you soon. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC and I'm certainly not too happy. We want to say something to you about you. This is my associate, Mr. B. Logan. He's a child. Well, what? I was a child, and I was a little bit worried. I'm sure. I'm trying to ask what is the possibility of being a child? You're a child. You really don't need a child. Inaudible All in the expulsion of the four-five million thousand people are asking for help. In the city, there's a grant. All in the line, there's a grant for the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black men, the human black All in the expulsion of the four-five million thousand people are asking for help. Inaudible Remark I'm laughing for their lives, she's not laughing, she's laughing for her whole soul. She's laughing for the world, and she's laughing for the whole soul. Oh, they're shooting at me, they're shooting at me for the thoughts. Giving an angle to them, I think they're laughing at me, someone. I'm so fresh, I feel like I'm down on the floor.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusic I'm not sure, but she can listen to your mother's headlight with emotion. So it is, she's so rare. One bottle. One bottle. One bottle. What do you tell her that she's gone? My colleague is given the app. She's so rare.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music Silence Sorry, I can't believe he had the chance to show it to me. Oh, you know.INAUDIBLE Inaudible I don't think I just need to work on this long cap, this is roughly what I'm doing with this. We're all dry. We're all dry. We're all dry. I need you to follow the road, and that's the road for a big beach, and you shall pass the fast of this beautiful road. Follow the road, and grab the boat. Follow the road, and grab the boat. Okay, go back. Okay, go back. We've got all jobs, which is what tells you, it's not useful, but both there is real. That's how it works here. Why are we talking about this? We get the two of us land and you will make some jobs. He asked, "What would you intend?" "Why don't you ask me?" "Why don't you ask me?" "Why don't you ask me?" "Why don't you ask me?" "Why don't you ask me?" "Why don't you ask me?" "Why don't you ask me?" "Why don't you ask me?" "Why don't you ask me?" "Why don't you ask me?" I'm going to have to be on the wrong side. In the second match. I'm not going to be on the wrong side. I'm going to have to be on the wrong side. I'm going to have to be on the wrong side. I'm going to have to be on the wrong side.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible You should be following the rest of it. You can see this, as far as you go up, are you nice? You're well. Well, that's it. Thank you very much. I'm going to the mark on the center as well as we're going to be ready. I'm going to make this square. I'm going to make this square. I'm going to make this square. I'm going to make this square. I'm going to make this square. I'm going to make this square. I'm going to make this square. I'm going to make this square. I'm going to make this square. There's a couple of things to ask. What happened to these six of us? Where are the cars still at the bottom? Where are the phones at the bottom? Did you know that? Did you know that? Did you know that? Did you know that? Did you know that? Did you know that? If you feel that God will rule, see God will rule, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you, see you And we need that down in the room. It says, "We told him that he had a good face, and he told us that he had a good face, and that he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. That he had a good face in the room. I'll drop the document to show you the password and then you just sort of work with it. Okay, here you go, here you go. The whole line will be built like the defaults, you can do the next. Follow the node of the data, this is the data. We're going to be here. You can see your group, you can find it coming in and going to show out the empty. There's some payment. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I feel it's on the other side of my body. So I'm going to get some of this. So I'll hold it, and then I'm done. So I'm going to put it down back. I don't know if it was. I'll see how it did. I'm going to get it in this case. I'm going to get it in the back. We're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're going to have to make sure that we're goingMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE All of the four of the files are changed, working in the fourth file. All the other solutions will see our last release and spend as an hour of time. One thing you can do to assist is to start on the fourth second or send it to work with them.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible on since the dawn.MUSIC Music Inaudible Remark Silence Music You're not seeing what you're not? I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, You're not seeing what you're not? Background Sounds Background Sounds Background noise I don't know what you've been to say. Oh, I got to hang out with you. Yeah. Yeah. I know this doesn't. This is the first time I've had to find a game where I'm going to be mad. I'm not sure. This is probably not. We will accept. I received a reminder of all of us.MUSIC to say thanks to such as me, you real family.Music Music Background noiseinaudible Inaudible I think that's a good music now, I've had a soul, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, I've had a good night, Iinaudible I'll see, is that for the records, you just still have a lot of money to get out of mine. You need to even allow them to buy. Let me save myself. Well, I've done all the same on the security. Inaudible Remark to see the indicate that we can finally be glad to be sold to the university. We must apply to plants and let us hear what we call a lot. Well, most of the time, I know what we call a lot of things we want to do. But a lot of things we want to do, we need to pass the softest.MusicINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING to go out of this room and see the man fit. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible I'm just going to have a boss. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I'll save it if you want me to look at it. I remember you since you saw these. The intelligence of your person. You see, I'm not telling them the break-ups. You didn't see the blood of boys. You thought, "If you don't laugh, I'll laugh, I'll laugh." You thought, "If you don't laugh, I'll laugh, I'll laugh." I was so lazy, I'm thinking, "I'll laugh, I'll laugh." You didn't see them.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Silence Silence Pause Pause Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Pause Pause Thank you.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEBellBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingMUSIC Silence Silenceno audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceno audiono audio (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) More! What's this?Pauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audio Thank you. (knocking on door) (laughing) (laughing) - Yeah. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) - Thanks. (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) - Thank you. - Thank you. - Thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) Pause Pause Silence Silence (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)