[00:00:00.00] USB Live Camera audio:	Thank you. So, I'll cut my hair out of the shoulder, and then the exact sense of it, and it makes sense. Go bloggers are trying to make me trust anything or any other meal. makes sense as well. Just so-called 'x'. So-called 'x'. So-called 'x'. So-called 'x'. So-called 'x'. So-called 'x'. So-called 'x'. So-called 'x'. and so on, so that you can see that there is no such thing as that, so that you can see that there is no such thing as that, so that you can see that there is no such thing as that, so that you can see that there is no such thing as that, so that you can see that there is no such thing as that, so that you can see that there is no such thing as that, so that you can see that there is no such thing as that, When I read it, what could I do, it's a challenge, and it's a bit of a slivered transition. Commit to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down. To slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down To slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down, to slow me down Thank you. So you can do a good decision. Good decision, good decision. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, let's see what we can do. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleno speech detected Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected (inaudible) What do you want me to do? This is not sufficient.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds (sniffing) Silence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)silenceinaudible Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So this speech and this system, you won't meet you, this is not sufficient, but you won't meet you, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said it, I said So, context, so, context, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and Silence Silence So, I'm going to copy this in the data. I'm going to copy this in the data. I'm going to copy this in the data. I'm going to copy this in the data. I'm going to copy this in the data. I'm going to copy this in the data. I'm going to copy this in the data. I'm going to copy this in the data. I'm going to copy this in the data. I'm going to copy this in the data. I'm going to copy this in the data. Silence Silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to assist. Silence Silence >> Well, because you're (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) or the assistant citizen of South Carolina. So, when I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I was a little bit of a person, I think I'm still in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle. I think I'm in the middle.no audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So they have to do a freelance, signal it and someone to do it, it's using still a big signal. Simcolon, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Let's go and see how slowly we accept the seed we're dealing with. Okay, let's see how slowly we accept the seed we're dealing with. Okay, let's see how slowly we accept the seed we're dealing with.