[00:00:30.10] OneOdio FM1:	no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePantingPanting Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSICMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Okay, all right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay, uh, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Oh, leave him. Okay, leave him. Okay.no audiono audioinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) Keep it key.MusicMusic Longing time, you know, you're in close up and you're going to go out for a second. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Ah, yeah. Yep.Sighs Nah!SighsSighsSighsinaudibleinaudible Yay! Yay! Yay! Yay! Yay! Yay! Yay! Yay! Yay! I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. If you are a kid and use a hand, then have it the week outside. Left side, right side, as well as your normal mental health. Next, next, next. Next, next. (sniffing)MUSICSOUND I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Pause Singing in foreign languageMusicMusic I'll give it back to you. I think it's just trying to make it by finishing it all around. I think it's fine. (sniffing) (singing in foreign language) - Yeah. (clicking) - Huh? - Bibi.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) Okay, so we want to write. Alright. All right. I'll see you guys later.MusicMusic What? I don't know. What? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. What? So you continue to masturbate and you will continue to look for a center of wealth or you'll be like, "I don't sell up, please." (laughs) (humming) (murmuring) I'll give you the address of the notes.MusicMusic Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeahno audiono audio Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silence Hmm? No.silence Hmm. See you later.MUSICINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE The same as the base and bottom. The center of the sitting. The center of the sitting. The center of the sitting. The center of the sitting. (clicking)no speech detected Thank you for having me. Good for you. Thank you. I hope you enjoyed this video. (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering)XBOX SOUND (phone ringing) >> Yeah, that's a bunch of, yeah. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music)BuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzerBuzzer (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing)MusicMusicMusic How to draw That's it. Oh. Oh. Oh. (laughing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (coughing) Yeah, I'll keep the mic going. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) Oh. It's a drone. (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected >> Very second. >>INAUDIBLE (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh Oh Oh You You You Oh You You (air whooshes) (air whooshes) (air whooshes) (air whooshes) (air whooshes) (air whooshes) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)INAUDIBLESIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Pause Pause Pause Yeah, yeah, that's a lot of fun. I need a way out. Okay. Thank you. >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to focus on taking the culture of Mahogas. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.sighssighssniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingsniffing >> Hey.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Ah, it's nearly... (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) We need to go on. (screams) - What's that, you want to take it? (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible And that's simple enough to say, and all of us, we'll leave it in the bathroom as well as. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MusicMusic (mouse clicking) (mimicking) - Come on, sir. (sniffing)MUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) Down into them. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Silence Silence Pause Inaudible Remark Pause Pause Ah. Oh, I'll keep going. Okay. If you want us to start, then we'll push it. Okay. It's going to get soldered. It's going to get soldered. It's going to be soldered. It's going to be soldered. It's going to be soldered. It's going to be soldered. It's going to be soldered. It's going to be soldered. It's going to be soldered. It's going to be soldered. It's going to be soldered. Silence SilenceMusicMusic all the stuff I've been trolling atsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected What? Say it a little bit and I'll do the same. Then there's a big club. I am home, no club, just home. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedno audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence 828, the Sivins B is a Sivins B is a (coughing) Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah And we'll come to Yay. It's about a little bit more tired. Oh, you're a little bit tired. You (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (door slams)no speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSICSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS So, we do it in total and it's a method, but we have to do it in total. So, async is going to be $500, we talked about it in 2 times, it's going to be around $100, as I said before. (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows, I'm in shows if you don't, just pass the key as you want to. I don't pass the key, so it's bad. If you get the key, I'll get the key. I don't see that thing. I'll get the key. I'll get the key. I'll get the key. soccer, e-rink, the girl that was Kira, Polynesian, let's startMusicMusicMusicMusic Pause There's a little bit. I don't know, I really know what I'd like me to do, so I'm not trying to pay my shows else, I'm not saying I'm going to regret. We'll play again in the middle of cards. We'll stick around with those numbers. We'll play again in the middle of cards. We'll play again in the middle of cards. We'll play again in the middle of cards. (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) Well, I don't stop to eat bad foods, but why don't you stop this views? Just have sure to let know. longer a reason to continue on the country. You must stop this right now. Top two views right now, no matter how you are addicted to whatever. powerful behavior from one of her psychological or psychiatric condition, so all of us have to do it now, we need to stop this. Thank you very much. you Thank you very much. I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, I'm going to put this in here, But it's worth it. Oh! Oh! What about the other one? Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Background noise Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you, guys.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickinginaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible You'll be, uh, to get smaller. This and this is not negotiable. TTA and then NT can be talked about. Oh yes, and that's all the things. (sighs) - Words can, it's this. - Then we'll, you walk. - Don't keep walking. (door opens)silencesilence Silence >> The problem is kept in here. Silence (knocking) - Oh, no. - No, no.silencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughs) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusicMusic here we will start with this one And here we have a door, so it doesn't have to be there. So, here we have a door. This is my part. Thank you for watching. Thank you. (upbeat music) I'm going to have to let's say it's OK. Thank you for watching. One, two, three, four, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You know that I just need a pilot to see it. I don't want to prove that the defendants, all the forces that won't exist in this room. Thank you for your time. Just in all bit, it's key for them. I'm going to make a secret here. I'm going to make a secret here. I'm going to make a secret here. I'm going to make a secret here. I'm going to make a secret here. I'm going to make a secret here. (keyboard clicking) (indistinct) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusic (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pauseno audiono audioMusic All right, it's over.Music Okay, so...Music It's over.Musicsilencesilence the I'm going to put it on the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, the same page, I don't know how to say it, it's just not me, it's just a very anti-bash. I'm not a bad person, I'm not. It's a tough idea to keep going. That's it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door)Pause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs)Coughing Action.Coughing (clicking)silence Person of the Confucians.silence (sniffing)INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceno speech detected Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkno speech detectedno speech detectedMusicMusic If you have a problem with the kitchen, I will have a problem with the kitchen. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)BEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPING (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic toinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (door slams) I'm going to try to have a good time. Thanks for watching.silencesilence This is a mix.silence It's all well.silence All the planets. What would you do if you could make some mark and I would tell you how to relate? Master of the bunny. Do you think that was all points? Oh, another suspect. I'm going to have to get that to me then. The problem is open, there's only a bit of wood. So I've stopped and stopped. Alright. I'm going to eat my own wood, there's no need to eat my own wood.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki Muakki So, this is the genre that I thought it was supposed to be, but it's not the genre I'm going to make a 5.5 million. Do you know what it means to do? Or do you know what it means to do? No, not like that. I don't know how to say it. I'm going to add music. the system is not a million or a thousand, it's not complicated right now, it's not that long. It's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long. I'm going to put it in. I'm going to put it in.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I'm not going to make a small mistake now, I'm going to make a big mistake and then I'm going to make a big mistake. and it's not really related to this stuff. It's like... ...that you can survive. You can find solutions, you can't... ...tell... ...well... ...you can easily... ...if you're not... I'm going to leave it there. I don't know what to say. I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) >>INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Ah, it works well. It works well. It works well now. Yeah, fine, well. This is not... So, we are happy to be able to do a lot of training. I am very happy to be able to do a lot of training. I am very happy to be able to do a lot of training. That's right. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence And we might have a lot of my own affiliates and personal, it's a kind of job, this is a fun one. A personal. Pause Inaudible Remark Pauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to make a small hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole, and then I'm going to make a hole in the middlesilenceinaudiblesilenceno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence and and and and All this out there. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected >> That's not much. That's all? Hmm. Train up, Blaine. Train up, Blaine. (clicks) Silence >> We're doing -- The month is ugly, although in other months, the week is going to be out soon. I'm going to have to fill it up so that it doesn't get too much of a problem. Yeah. - Yup. - Mom. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) *cough* You really should find a reason why you don't have to do it, why I am consulting or whatever, and this respect will always be. See you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you I can't remember the rest of the story in the kitchen. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audio Okay, let's see if we can do it. What? What? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. (keyboard clicking)MusicMusiclaughsspeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language Pause Pause I'm a bullet arch, so it's fast. I'll live with you, David. So get the proliferum for it. (laughs) I want it to be fine, that. (mouse clicks) Make it good. (mouse clicks) I'm sorry for the minute. Pause >> Hello. My name is Paul. My name is Paul. My name is Paul. My name is Paul. My name is Paul. My name is Paul. My name is Paul. Better access on top level. You should not. You should not. You should not. You should not. (knocking on door)no audio Shushes. Shushes. Shushes. So I'm going to do that with my left hand, that's what I'm all about, so I'm going in theINAUDIBLE And that's it. Back in, it's down. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thank you for watching. Thanks for watching.silencesilence Silence Silence I think it's a ghost, so we'll stand on the sofa. >> Of all the local. >> Of all the local. >> Of all the local. >> Of all the local. >> Of all the local. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) That's really... She's really a little fat, she's a girl, a robot. Yeah, why? Of her weekend, she's a little fat. Good attention. Now, please get us up.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono audio >> That was more like that.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Good luck, Niem. I hope you have a good time. I hope you have a good time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silenceno audiono audio >> No, no. Yeah What is that? Uh You You You Youno audio Well, man, I can't believe this. I'm going to shoot out the room. There we go. I need a pulse.silence So that's all for today. My name is Alpoizabalye. I'm not going to say that. I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm I'm going to say that I'm not going to say that. I don't know, but if I have to play a lot of other games, I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say. >>LAUGH >>LAUGH >>LAUGH >>LAUGH >>LAUGHsilencesniffingsilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencespeaking in foreign language (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SIGHSinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to take lots from it, I'm going to see the third one there. We'll be here in a minute, and we'll be talking about the parts that are supposed to be here. which makes it a little bit... Hold on. It's nice and easy, and it helps. Everyone is really feeling normal. Thank you. Then you've got from the point where I'm going on this series. You've got from the point where I'm going on this series. You've got from the point where I'm going on this series. You've got from the point where I'm going on this series.INAUDIBLE I'll have a kitchen, yeah, I'll see you soon, it's a fuck. Thank you so much for watching, see you soon.SighSqueak (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence andinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there, I'm not going to let you get in there >> We'll put some results. >> Yeah, how's it? Pause Okay. So, the song was still on. It was nice though.silencesilence >> Hey, cap, I just want to go on. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I'm going to go to my car, but I'm going to go back to the car and see what I can do. I'm going to go back to the car and see what I can do. I'm going to go back to the car and see what I can do. I'm going to go back to the car and see what I can do. I'm going to go back to the car and see what I can do. I'm going to go back to the car and see what I can do. I'm going to go back to the car and see what I can do. I'm going to go back to the car and see what I can do. I'm going to go back to the car and see what I can do. I'm going to go back to the car and see what I can do. I'm going to go back to the car and see what I can do. It's going to call it. Here the emollet is.Music Silence Silence And this is the first time I've ever seen a lot of this kind of thing. If there is, I'll see you next time. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.no speech detected I'm going to do it in a minute. I am not going to do it right now, I am not going to do it right now, so I have to stay with my hero and kill him, but I am not going to do it right now, but I am not going to do it right now. I'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE Background noise >> Good afternoon, Pat. Welcome to the trip. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Don't do much to yourself with pleasure, and I believe it's just kind of a coffee-cooling operator so... Hello Tony. It is not my mouse, stop here. Stop my mouse, it's my bed. You (clicking) SilenceINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) What's in there, those? I'm not sure if this is getting any of that.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. Ignore the phone. Thank you very much. Thank you.PausePause I don't want to see anyone here, that's why I'm here to see everyone else. I don't want to see everyone else here, I want to see everyone else here. I want to see everyone else here. I can't explain. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You also have an option to watch us off a little more to your decryption on the bottom I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm going to flash it, I'm So very massive, very massive, and so do all.silence Well, it's a little, it's a little sense. Okay. I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you're doing it, I'm glad you Now, for all, and that's what I like about this, but I can't tell you how much I've talked about it before. FUN! What's up? I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. (murmuring) - Hello, I'm here. - So, you're still here? - Yeah, I'm back. - Oh, it's a bus, right? (murmuring) (murmuring)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence It's helpful. PauseINAUDIBLE I don't know if I can do that. What else? That's that. I'm sorry, I don't know. I'm sorry, I don't know. I'm sorry, I don't know. I'm sorry, I don't know. I'm sorry, I don't know. I'm sorry, I don't know. I'm sorry, I don't know. I'm sorry, I don't know. I'm sorry. I can't tell by my tool or my head. This is what you do so I want the paint to do. This is a bit of a waste of work. It's hard and... I don't know if it's working or not.inaudible I'm going to use the other side. I'm going to use the other side. I'm going to use the other side. I'm going to use the other side. Pause Inaudible Remark Pause >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE And Dr. Nguyen Lin, who are all.MusicMusicMusicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Okay, now I want you to know that I'm not going to say anything more about that. What I said is that I'm not going to say anything more about that. Okay, so that's it. See you. Good luck, everyone. (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detected - Come on in. (snaps fingers) (burps) So, I'm just going to do a little bit more on the back side of the screen, so I can see that there are a lot of things going on here, so I'm going to do a little bit more on the back side of the screen. So, I'm just going to do a little bit more on the back side of the screen, so I'm just going to do a little bit more on the back side of the screen, so I'm just going to do a little bit more on the back side of the screen.Music (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)no audioinaudibleINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMusicMusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (crying) (groaning) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying)MUSIC The door is almost there, so I can see it. In case of the same thing, I'll have to go to the door. I'll have to go to the door. The door is open. It's always there. If possible. The first time I knew that we were in the room. I don't know what to do. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.silencesilenceMusicMusicMusic SilenceINAUDIBLE Let's go. (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) (sniff) Silence >> We have those, though. Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick Oh, that's nice. Ah! (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (door slams)PausePausePause Yeah, I'll be sure to watch it when I see this fucking album, I'll be sure to watch it when I see it. I'll be sure to watch it when I see it. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I can't even use a lot of effect, so these are loaded for a lot of price, I don't know how to use it, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even use a lot of effect, I can't even (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm acting in your secret. I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't think of this, but I can't I can't go to my studio, but there's a lot to do about it. So, don't do it at all, it's your fault. It's probably better if you don't do it at all. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (scraping sound) (scraping sound) (scraping sound) (scraping sound) (scraping sound) (scraping sound) (scraping sound) (scraping sound) (scraping sound) (scraping sound) (scraping sound)MusicMusic (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Background noise Background noise I'll just go up to you. I'll first see you right now. They are equal in SM-Cock. They are equal in the territory. I don't know how to do it. No, that's not true. That's a lot of people who think that we're going to be together. But we're going to be together. That when you're with Amweldt you really have a lot of fun, and you're going to be with him. I think that I'm going to be with Akursa. No, that's not true. But if possible, what would you like to do for the future? What would you like to do for the future? What would you like to do for the future? What would you like to do for the future? What would you like to do for the future? What would you like to do for the future? What would you like to do for the future? What would you like to do for the future?laughslaughslaughslaughslaughslaughslaughslaughslaughslaughslaughslaughs And now long time I've had enough access to it, I've already had the setup. It's so hard to get that out of my mind. (sniffing) Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. What room can this display? I have never seen this before, I have never seen this before, I have never seen this before I have never seen this before, I have never seen this before What do you have to do with this? I have to do it with thissilence We see what a hell we live in that in my cups. So, now I'm going to do a lot more of the stuff I've done with my old kit. I'm going to do a lot more of the stuff I've done with my old kit. I'm going to do a lot more of the stuff I've done with my old kit. I'm going to do a lot more of the stuff I've done with my old kit. I'm going to do a lot more of the stuff I've done with my old kit. I'm going to do a lot more of the stuff I've done with my old kit. I'm going to do a lot more of the stuff I've done with my old kit. I'm going to do a lot more of the stuff I've done with my old kit.Sighs Was she died so that it would be easy to heal her head? No, not dead. In all the rest, men have seen, men have seen, men have seen, they have seen. Help yourself, better, better people, never do anything else, just make the other way around, and in your company, also that, well, it's a disaster. Never do anything else. I don't know what it is, as it is always over though, it is still not right to worry about it. It is up to the level of torches, the improvement of this game is very good. I'll put it in a whole different setting. I'm going to add a layer of paint that I'm going to paint. There's an extra paint, a beam, a beam, a star, a crackton that makes it. Then super power always add a little bit of power. We'll unbox it out there right now and be amending it. So next... All days in box store, yeah.SighSighSighSigh But...Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do a little bit more. >> No, we didn't. >>INAUDIBLE (laughs) (keyboard clicking) (grunts) (grunts)silence The health. The health is into either.Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible That we all are very good so many days apart. I'm just going to say, what's up? All these things are going to be based on a new concept that we're going to be using as a model. We're going to be using the same type of creativity. We're going to be using it as a model. Okay, now this piece is... Wow. (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) But is there anything specific? No, I don't care about it. I don't care about it. Because it's not in my cup. I don't care about it. I don't know if you can see it.Sighs Release. No.Sighs So, as I could mark the archipelagois, the marx was like they meant the ingredients, so all of the ingredients were so well mixed and if we said so. I'm going to use this to see if I can do it. I'm going to use this to see if I can do it.no speech detected Where is it up to Martin?no speech detected Now the work is done. Okay, so now I can see the thickness of the open wire. I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it. I don't know what to do with this game, but it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not a good idea to play with this game, it's not I have to also allow death for something.sighssighssnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflesno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (laughs) (laughs) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) I'll have a kick to the check. I can't call him a pro. I'll just attack him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Music (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (humming)NOISE I hope that all of you hope that you can tell your show for me that I'm going to show you what I'm going to show you. It's right to know what you're going to do now. I'm going to see the news that's active here. I think we can tell you who this is. Silence I believe it's all about hill solicices and little pain in the machine as well, and I said, yeah, I know again. So the brach of the enemy right there. (laughing) - Very ugly saying. I don't want to be in all, huh? Yeah, it's a bear that I don't have to be able to get my being out of the culture that I don't kill. This, I probably don't see it. Silenceno speech detected Music Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silencesilencemimics sound (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You've been out there with the care of the thing I'm going to call it. Well, I'm a man in the dark with a piece. Here is also a spoiler You can place it in your place, but I just think it might take good to them So I'm doing that time in the middle That's what I'm doing over here You I'll tell you my next time, don't you think I'm not going to use it? Oh, you did it a lot of times, but it's not worth it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I don't know if you can see it. I think I'll have a little more of another. How's it going? Good, you're doing great. I'm going to cut this off. I'm going to cut this off. I'm going to cut this off. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence So, I will ask again, is there somebody from a large GOMB brothers, finally able to pay me to be going or paypal? 50,000 euros, but right now today is endless. What the cold is this? You can just stop. You can just stop. It is up to you to decide how to do your own 3-low, but I'm not going to be here in this. the various situation within like this broke completely, but very long time, there is no time to base as well. Only things I want to start with telling you real problems at the same time which will keep me doing this. Statistical, Netflix kind of games. Can you explain for permission? Yes, I can be an update. Till. Our base segment. It will be surprising if it is just my bad potential. It's a cool move. It's a painful move. I'm going to add a little more senses for the head. (knocking) How do all people react on this power plate in the panel over my last panel and we still do it all? Well, the victims, do they like the setting of the multi-termal thing? If I left them the right, we'll be north of the south, I'll turn the right. So, 12 and goes to 24. I'm not going to go out, I'm not going to go out, I'm not going to go out, I'm not goingPausePause Just on the volume button, I don't think it's really useful.silencesilence Because this is it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Pause to keep them sending in. very close anything those particles are particles that need to eat and they stay in the heat or maybe ions extra cold ions or just stick to my skin anywhere to buy it my legs maybe And then we go and stick to the wall and do anything but there's something when the Josh has it. I'm going to do something else, I'm going to do something else, and I'm going to do something else.INAUDIBLE But the boards are unstable in the sense that they have a charge from their own, and they need another force to try to stabilize this. Okay, sorry. Thanks for wondering what kind of rooms for them, I guess. Well, that was the rooms for them, just both around, and such as, I don't know, with all our... Okay.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm talking about temperature because it smells like a little bit of salt and Let's get some more donation to Vizra. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So that's where the neutrons, so they can't elaborate, can they burn? Again you say these things but you don't give an explanation and so now I have to make you just invent yourself because you're the same majority I just tell scrap all the time. Maybe try to get me to a state of mind where I believe you're a little shit a bit more than You will realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize that you are going to be able to realize Pause Pause Silence You know what I should run on the other side of the thing, right? suit. If one thing with this painting you are able to keep me shut up and time you know, and then down side from your perspective and the climber. Alright, straights. I don't know if it's a big one, I guess it takes up a lot of focus. I'm assuming you want to make the way for us through things like constant intense pain to them very much. I make people think that Bain gives you focus, well you don't have to excuse to wear it for 10 Bain by tying them up to come to me and you would like to be more focused by hurting your roots. But that's the way you want to do it. You know how people just want to hurt them. So this... Well, it is, um, it takes bandwidth, um, you're in the output channels, you can find all these sites, you know, they'll have certain bandwidths and combining them together. All goes to the railing to proceed to the wall and at the high signal there's tons of pizza full of bread. There you go, you'll notice all that stuff for that. Unless you may be able to think of some bandwidth and CPU service. So the focus is what I was saying, you will be able to focus more because a lot of the default inputs stuff is now also evaluated because it's already so much taken by you. maintenance constant pain. So the whole default streams of inputs are a bit, they're just going to kick it about, which means that the cables with all the input streams are with and it's easier to lay new temporary that give you new streams to set energy or input route to focus, and if you really push it in for it, you can even limit all the input output output variables to only use say 80% of what's going on. pain and focus and all the rest 20% is what does that use for non-evalent but I think to remember there you don't need to pain the pain just takes away more input outputs, pamphlets that you could also use So focus if you need to focus. They just deprived you of all the stuff, the structure. But focus, you can in my view anyway. That's where you get into focus as to find a motivation to be focused. So you have to do it because you don't have to get punished or not. Come here, you should avoid something, and I hope so. I always have trouble finding focus to clean up. But there's no point in coming to play that because it's too... Yeah. Alright, definitely single, but it would be nice if, uh, if I cut it in the way, and then I can sit there and get it in the middle, but it's completely, uh, probably. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.MUSIC I don't think I know what to do. I don't think so. I should let you know that I'm a little bit faster. Hello, Bimes. I'm a little bit faster. >> The Boris and >> I don't know if I know how to do too much, but I insult the motion. I have to be able to give a name that is true in the name.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Yeah, you know, maybe this. Why don't you try the frequency? The whole thing is stupid. Everything I'm really need submitting myself to the sprain of your inflictum. Do you think I want this? That's probably your weapon here in the orgasm. I guess somebody to do me a piece with me. That's a lot more pain than this.silence Spain tells me to do something interesting about Spain. Something I found, and keep on thinking about, whatever, bar plates, directs, and actually something, and the fees are in there, and the Supercar Cup here and all that. Background noise I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good. I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I'm trying to use that to make it look good, I I use that to make it look good, I use that to make it look good, I use that to make it look good.silencesnapssilence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm not afraid of that, it's all in the middle of a trickle, guys. Hmm. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm not afraid of that.knocking on door Background Sounds Okay, well, I think I'm going to have to get a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I think I'm going to haveinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Okay, I'm going to push that down. Okay. Okay. That would be the free good item. I'm not going to do that when I swear. I don't know. It's just an artist. No, no, no. I don't know, but I think I want to be boys in my knowledge. I don't know, but I think I want to be boys in my knowledge. Okay, I'm going to try to put it on the other side of the screen. I'll put this up here. Now I'm going to use a little bit more power supply. I'll put it all over the place. I'll just put it back in place. I'll just put it back in place. I'm going to do a little bit of the work you're going to do with the tape, I'm going to take a piece of tape back to this.silencesilencesilence I'm going to open up like that. I really think the precision will notice. I'm going to say it really. I'm not going to say that, but I'm going to open up like that. I hope I don't mess with any other controls I have to sweat. I hope you know that some of the other ones don't really like to... I hope you know that.door slamsdoor slams I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door. I'm going to put it in the middle of the door.silence So long enough for the day I'll see you both. What's in P1000 pen?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We will look at all of the most office all of them in the thing that we have for us. What do you want more for the other lady? I have a boxy service, there's a domer for domer in a mullet. I think it's a bit difficult for me to make it work. I always want to make it work. I always want to make it work. I always want to make it work. I always want to make it work. I always want to make it work. I always want to make it work. I always want to make it work. I always want to make it work. There's a name I checked on my left for the bigger one, a close big 12. Say you have to hear me out there and all of a sudden. I don't know what to say, right?SighsSighsMusicMusic I'll just ask you to go ahead for those of you who are watching the vlog of Ecton, but I'm not beyond the scissors to do it on them. Sounds unhealthy. You You Silence Yeah, I'm not sure, but I'm not sure that you need to take the role of your G-GYN. I'm not sure that all the software is keyed, but it's not all snushing.PausePause I don't know me in New York, so I'm going to show you how I do it, just in the back. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I I'm going to show you how I do it, so I'm going to show you how I do it, just in the back. so that I have a bassist on it, and I hope you guys don't react, you know what I'm saying? Because I have to get really sick which is a lot of the time, but I've got to get a cut in there, so.., and if you're all too bad, not so much is what I'm showing you guys. So I'm doing a new set, push it's eyes in. No, don't you know my skin now, why 9% by 10 and I'm doing me or I may have seen on the sun for 10% of the beard. Thank you. I'll be right back next to you guys in the next video. Hey, my dudes. I have a dead cloth. I have a dead cloth. I have a dead cloth. I have a dead cloth. I have a dead cloth. I have a dead cloth. So, I'm going to go to the new restaurant, and I'll see you later. I'm on my way here at the gym. I'll go to the gym to take a look at the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I hope you liked this video, if you liked it, please subscribe to my channel and hit the bell button. Thank you for watching.silence The sound is close to the sound. I just had to do it and I just didn't know what to do. I just wanted to say that I'm not going to be able to do it. I hope I can do it. I'm going to eat it and enjoy it. I'm going to put the chemicals in all the ingredients. I want to know why you don't have to do that. You don't have to. You don't have to do that. You don't have to do that. You don't have to do that. You don't have to do that. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) That's good.no speech detectedno speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (door slams)INAUDIBLE And then you have access to the thing in the middle, and then you have the description of the middle, and then you have the middle. (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sighs) (sniffles) Silence Inaudible Remark I'm going to open the whole shot to push it to that side, and then I'm going to open the whole shot to push it to that side.laughslaughslaughssilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> I have a little back to the room, I have a little back to the room. I have a little back to the room, I have a little back to the room. Maya. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Now we don't know if this already has a good smell. This is it. That's it does. and they have a bit of a point paper, I'll do it now. This thing, everybody's time just because there's a... ...crisis of this, that has to be killed soon anyway. So, I also have fun until the end. I mean, well, all there's also... So I have to say, I'm not going to answer the rest again. You're not going to answer the rest again.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence I shouldn't worry if it's been a mean of change. I think it's not going to be the same because I'm in the other side of the other side. I'm still trying to see it from her perspective. It is not needed. But even then, there's a solution. Well, there already exists. If you talk to me, boy, it's periods. Well, a call for you. You need to come.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'll do that one day now. I'm sure I have to be done with me. I don't think I will shoot me anyway. Boy, smart, son of a bitch. Don't think I'm natural. They have a weak case, the only thing we can do is put the sign in the A, they can claim it inside the, not either in respect to the A, which in itself is a very weak one, as well. But there's freedom of expression, there's... There's nothing in there, but it's all about it, it's just about it, and they lost the assembly judgment case. to make the pattern of this, the professional measures will be the reading one of just a few months until they are going to go into that liquid and make them.SighsINAUDIBLE >> 10 to 30 years.LAUGH We give all the scrap and paying it to 50,000 euros off. Thinking out what it's for then. It's for the company contract and the inspection.silence There's flaws in the realm of reality. If all plot changes, then two flaws are still valid, but that doesn't mean people. and sort certain things in the world. Because assume understanding of the encase something in the combat changes, then the reality of the combat isn't about it. It will be made for inspiration out on this field. Let's see if both of them are the other one in there, we should both...SighSigh There's this V1 volumptuous in the WCC. Yeah, they started with some judges and all of this and then get money for us. They had sailors, even if it's in the outtemplars now, then maybe still have to pay by no. $57,000 from RetroPentin.com, just enough to cut cover by the way of $29,000. I don't know how to pay back there because I'm not going to have a lot of money in it. What's active is on it. It's most of the period, six months. So I have to pay back the medical bonus and start up with six months. Oh yeah, yeah. Well, no, I didn't think there's something out of it, it's my rights, and all because they fired me for, uh, what was this, where is this corner come? Which is also still in the coast. I don't think that I need anything. A great misconduct is that I missed a day of work in mind. It's misappeared. When you miss a period, normally they call it slave or that, so you can maybe find mistakes when you're not in the contract, but and it disappeared, one of those saves this grounds for a game standard, and that's something I'm going to think from the I'm going to start to build to the main part. Let's see that. When I know that we're making it, then I was just I took two days off, then the link I've got in my dispatching. I was so upset, and I still was very upset today, I said, "For dinner I'm not going to work." And then he got there. They were waiting for this. But he even had a second motivation that they were ready for the party.PfftMultiplyMultiplyMultiplyMultiplyMultiplyMultiplyMultiplyMultiply Pause That didn't have any leaves. So, I couldn't take that. I don't know if you made me do it. So you can see if we have... I just want to fuck it. I don't know if you have it. I don't know if you have it. I don't know if you made me do it. I don't know if you made me do it. They don't think so that a lot. The money that you would need to pay me if there's any growth to trial is half a million euros. because we have a case to notify. the this will show which means that I am actually still on a conflict. The long you wait that could body me more. Show the proposal to green three years. 12 million euros. But I'm gonna have fun. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You know what I want to say about this? Because of the email letter thing, there's still paper and the email, still that. So, the boiler is saved but anyway, that's up to a course. It doesn't have to get there, I don't know. I'll send this up to all that they know. That's perfectly done. What I don't know is just one of the ones in the US, so yeah, I send them in here on a little bit of paper left, and we have to go through this again, we're all doing well over this. which is again not seeing what you really want so try that again. Voice is so hard to be specific not explicit or whatever, just clear in the words that carried right meaning for what you want. Not so think implicit that could go 25 directions if you really try to to put in a practice, but that's not going to be a problem, the problem is I want people to try to kill you when all this comes out. Not just people, I mean, just be, you're going to be on the talk head list from what I know about it.silence You should already be trying, like I said, the 60s tried to talk some sanity boys, and possibly, yes, nothing about anything, the screw already buddy. even hope that it's a survival of the human race. Again and again, I'm demonstrated by the human. (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) Yeah, but I have a victim going for the upper, at some point you have to say, "Hey, I also want to fight back." I'm not just going to let me be enslaved and beaten up every day. I'm worth a lot more than this. You are just all becoming so dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb. I'm not just going to let you be enslaved and beaten up every day. I'm not just going to let you be enslaved and beaten up every day. I'll just have my patient and nobody else, so you should prove so lucky. I'm going to let that start, but be clean with it. Okay. There it go. I'm going to go through some sort of humiliating other original data that I'm going to come up with now. No. No bullshit do it now. You can deal with the rest of the paperwork. You don't have to make it and put keeping or fixing it. Now you take the first step. that you need to work. you say you won't. It's like you at the same time that you say you won't. You make me list to it, those words and with a double voice that kind of pushes it like it's also coming through my mouth. So if you want to know, it's always I think on the right, but anybody else at the right, so get somebody else to do it, and then you want to block it. In this one, yeah. Where's the time? That's more destroying lives. There are persons killing people. I know I have to know because you alsoinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence Silence I'm going to go to the chat now and give you some more. I guess you could at least start. I'm going to go to the chat now and give you some more. Silence Silence >> What are you doing? >> We're doing something else, we're doing something that we're doing in the last minute. you will have that possessive obsession, let them down or you need a console. Good work.silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and . I'm going to use this to see if I can do it. In fact, I took the 4,000 years from my dad's house. There's already a case at least for this. It's a fishing thing. So assuming I was here, but you were telling me anyway. But I know starting to consider it, or I'm not trying to see what are the weak spots in our paper trail and then. on. Don't see this as a big thing, they have to do this in every country anyway to expose the team for so many things. Silence Silence You could keep on convincing evidence why my father was so easily convinced that this fake phone number was actually me sending away a lot of stuff messages to my dad. that was in trouble and that therefore he had to send 4,000 euros to bank account number which wasn't mine without he have spoken to me. I mean that's not how my father would normally do something else. Yeah, it's on the... Let me be more... What's that written on it? What's that written on it? What's that written on it? What's that written on it?no speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence I don't know if you can see it, but it's a bit of a problem.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Don't you think he would need more knowledge on networking and other things? Practical knowledge means a lot. Well, time, though. I'll bring it. You still have to know what you're telling me. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.no speech detectedsilenceinaudiblesilenceINAUDIBLE It's not Christmas, but I met my Christmas girl. It's "Inflation Dress" from Christmas. Alright. Pause Pause Silence >> We're so smart in your words. Let's try this to the tree that we're supposed to say this.PantingPanting Silence >> You can not save up. Silence She was not her, she was. I think she is even an obstacle or a backup. Why am I not a backup? recognize in our library that I guess booked in our voice or camouflaging it. That's the professors, and the answer that I was like intimidating, I never liked any, you see, I never said anything more that makes it all, makes sense. Remember, I mean, this is still telepathy, this, legally. I'm not going to stop that, that doesn't exist.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs So they did the red and blue lights at top to top, no less green, sort of artificial reality. But it's a trace that they expect and they do the triggers as well. I just like to find all the best part of the screen, I read them and moved up to the the size of a oven I can want. But not the only thing that infalled it will be one or another, I'm seeing a lot of very quickly tuned, tuned, the size of an open thumb finger finger. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) There's up a thread, things with invisible lights, I only need to film them with a little infrared and even then just seem a bit bigger for the biggest thing that I can see, flying around about any more. It was like a very small, let's think of it because the generally snowed no light on the side of the dust particles that has a minor sound interval which we go to, and it seems to fly through well. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes So I guess I haven't seen this for a visualized. Um, it's a new overhead. So I think this is the entrance. It's close to relocate, but that would also move up there. So I think this is a new overhead. So I think this is a new overhead. So I think this is a new overhead.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So yeah, the screen is new, so maybe the industrial project is precisely there, so it wouldn't be a look at it. So, I saw it, that's what. Not slightly, but I can't, I'm completely excited about something. Who was divinating life, so that there's something called the "aminating, emanating"SighsSighsSighs I kind of am beginning, we had the art, the first machine learning with the face of the giant form, and the super-fix sense.silence (sniffing) No, because, well, a bunch of reasons, you're just thinking, well, this is your opinion about the blue-and-red dots, possibly. So why would the Tottenham have calmed down in the statement, but maybe you were recording from my head anyways, but that would have been the goal. The only thing is to make it more convincing that the relationship drinks that they explained to me that they were also able to do this, maybe with the software thing they're able to do, and then to the visible spectrum. So we can more believe that anything else here is usually turned to shit with like a boy's own life. So 50,000 zeros, alright. On their way. I'm just going to start with the corners on the paper. So I'm asking the nation swear to the people that I guess the lights on, and we put that there some other words as you see. I don't know how sweet it is because it is my pension fund which I spent last year. So I broke. It was a tie in the last I will be able to pay. I don't know. Music Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detected Silence >> Let me have some room. Silence Well, it seems to help the bitters to put your balls to the other. So the grounding access point crosses one. They'll help a bit. Emerson of the electric signals. Just click on it with the slider, we'll see if we'll have enough of some fun bit better.no audiono audio Yeah, still, I mean, the seems to help a little bit of him, but all of it can be, uh, I call him yet. So, suggestion? No, I'm sorry. So maybe if it's all in six notes, I guess I'll have to go to the last one, I'll have to go to the more weight of that. But the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the the, And then the other one in half is, I can also do this with these parts from the melted abs, and for one more time. I'm saying it in a time. Somebody up here. It blew in there, I don't know. >> It's okay to stop if you want to keep your influence. We don't have to see the chief for the rest of your life, if you want to be in London, right? I'm going to miss you when I don't have the right for your life, right? Just take yourself. Is that really something that you feel? So, is that difficult, or is it too good for you?silence So, if you're kiss on the bottom, it needs to be your house, but it won't be your place. Or just, if you give him a hand at the game, he could be here in the middle house, but he didn't rest, so I'll be giving him a hand.silencesilencecoughingsilencesilence I didn't want to know how to do it. So they talked about it. It was either on a pilot place, or my only friend turned it off. No, definitely fair, then fair, but I think I might have this stuff like that by the might keep us from going. Thank you very much. No, the pistachio just when I was, yeah, grow the pivosome, and then they helped out a bit with the pain, and other, you know, a little pain, 10,000 euros, and then pistachio. I really would have access to it too. on the same of those.silence I think this was, I think this was, I think this was, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, I think after, to the top 60 or so people. I'll show you how to do it. Thank you for watching. So what do you want to do about the third thing? I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it.silence I think that's not already. This is just to make a statement about what we're going to do. Okay, let's set it again. I need the money to buy you time, so I stay alive, period. So I stay alive, so then you can figure out what it is exactly we need to do and what you need to actually be able to do something and not just do this because you know this is going to end bad. Do you really have any doubts about this? How long can we keep this? Keep doing this. Is this correct? Do you see this in the same way? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I didn't do anything. I may have bought a new Mac two years ago with my pension fund, but I have no life, I'm not spending that much money, I'm not spending much anyway. I don't go all day, I don't buy much stuff except food maybe. A few dashes left and right on the other side but not for... There's no excesses, except this. More marching pills. That'll tease I would be zombified if I'm not going to get. So I am putting on my precious, so just get it done. Those start looking for new arguments, why it doesn't make sense. My turns. My turns. You better do it quickly, okay? That's all I can say. Very nice evening. Trying to do it for Losey again. It's urgent. No, no, this is urgent. More urgent than anything. Yes. More urgent than anything.silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence >> You know exactly. We'll help the environment. Oh, I should upload to recordings again then. From the last of 15 days.no speech detected Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Pauseno audio Voices with not voices, that tools do have voices now because it's only on the right to the other way. You're gonna try to recalculate anyway because then you're gonna get supposed self-confidence oh look what you're gonna put to go I gotta do it don't you think I'm gonna be a sick thing anyway, but you're gonna boss you're gonna Well, I got achieved with this Like that not going there, but it's going there to the same thing We're gonna try to push it that it's not running blackbird and automatically in my head, but then through that so many times. Nope, destroying everything all the time. You can't keep doing this. You can't keep doing this if I snuck all this up. I see through it all the time. I'm going to spend your reasons why I have to die and I have no reason to live. Still I want to live. I'm going to live. I'm going to live. I'm going to live. I'm going to live. I'm going to live. I'm going to live. I'm going to live. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) No boost, go away and get up, and now I was wrong about the last time I really made it. My voice is upset, so I'm more inclined to believe it's always much.SighSighsilencesilencesilence This is it.silence That's all key to all the people there. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) your manipulation, hypno, it's the same thing or brainwashing, it has not worked on me and they're not going to work on me. I've drawn the line already. Two years ago if it gets to that point I will kill myself, it has to, but getting worse. Now like I said, you're doing more harm to yourself by what you should try to do to me, no more words. But I'm still suffering, I'm still... (sniffing) I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. This might not be the new wishes. This might not be the new wishes. I'm not impressed, it's all crap and you'll exactly why in great detail as I explained already. That's why I can't hear you though, except it, I think it's so worth it, I disagree.Music (clicking sound) Right, right, it's... (clicking sound) (clicking sound) What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? I'm going to go to the book here, I'm going to put this in a little bit, I'm going to I really think it can be able to talk to you next time. I don't know if I can do it or not, but I think I can do it myself, I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I can do it myself, but I don't know if I I'm working on the other side of the window.PausePause Redo then. In a zoo, you'll see them. That's the simple fact, see, um, I think what they'll say is we all want to blow up, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, It's a simple, fancy, um, I think it's all safe for you all when you're riding a rope.sighsINAUDIBLE And that's it, I'll bring you a salad. So was sick. You should have told me not to. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Hmm. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (door slams) - It's a bit close. - No, it's too close. - I don't know if it's too close. - It's too close. So, I said, it's out of bed, now I'm going to pick all of them up. The rest of them, I'm going to pick up all of them, so I'm going to pick them up. I'm going to pick up all of them. I'm going to pick up all of them.no speech detectedno speech detected What do you think? I don't know if you can see it, but I think it's a good idea to check it out, so I'll see you guys later. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm going to write one, it's my paper.pausepause I'm gonna go to the other side of the room and then I'll go to the other side of the room. (speaking in foreign language) Maybe in the documents there are the men's eyes. Those ones. Thank you. I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look like this, I'm going to use a little bit of oil to make it look likespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language (keyboard clicking) Background noise Background noise (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh, no, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silence or film okno speech detected I don't know if I can...INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'll see you in the next video. I don't know what to say about it. I don't know what to say about it. I don't know what to say about it. I don't know what to say about it. I don't know what to say about it. I don't know what to say about it. I don't know what to say about it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) Silence Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohMusicMusicMusicMusic of the sign of the resolution. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (crickets chirping) (keyboard clicking) (mimics clicking) (gasps) (mimics clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio So I'll do the lockdown. I'm just going to have to need to walk in one more. What's going on with the lockdown? Don't let them go there. I'm going to have to move fast.INAUDIBLE Knowledge.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Silence Silence Yeah, I'm on the door. I'll help them up and see it as. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time.no speech detectedPausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, I'm going to start with a little bit of a sort of a little bit of sand. I'm going to start with a little bit of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of I'm going to start with a little bit of sand, but I'm going to start with a little bit of sand. I can't even make it to the end of the episode, so I'm gonna have to wait for the first episode of the game. Kill the niece. (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh) (Sigh (Sigh) Silence (laughs) (door slams) (mumbles) (mumbles) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) All right, I'll turn it on. We have to do that with our own hands. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, so I can put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, so I can put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. Silence No, I think 2011 was too fast, it was a very fast hit, but it was a very hard day for the rest of the week. Now you're going to live some hype. You You We are exactly the opposite thing, right? I'm going to put it on the side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen, right there, I'm going to put it on the other side of the screen, right there, on the other side of the screen. You're dead, that's it. I was not placing the... The men's decision directly. So, that's all I can tell you, right? You're dead, you're slacked up, you're not gonna be OK. group I'm going to put it in the bowl. I'm just gonna do something in a piece in a puzzle, right? I'll carry it, I'm just gonna do a little more. You know what I'm saying, I'm just gonna say it, but I'm just gonna say it. Thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much. I'm going to have lunch with my friends. Thank you very, very much. So you've got to mark the mess later for face to face, hmm? But we have to wait What they don't care, that they don't have to worry about it, they don't have to worry about it, they don't have to worry about it Yeah, it's really nice, I said, I'm a little cool and... I don't know if you can see it's working or not, but it's not working, it's not working, it's not working. I don't know how much I've got to do, but it's my turn. Pause Pause I'm shaking too much to be here. I'm shaking too much to be here. you I'm shaking too much to be here. I'm going to look at a little bit of solar, actual days a little bit of this time. I'm going to put it on the left side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the right Silence Silence All right, I'm going to take a cup of my cup and call this evening meeting. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) I think that all of the things that I've seen in Europe probably are in the lower level of the landings. That had either fruit or not, that you have in a pubine, and there's a precise, the rest is there, and I'm pretty sure it's the bottom of the pubine, and I think that it had the kind of, the fruit or not, for me to see. But I think it's an absolute night of the pubines, so I don't know if that's what I'm talking about. But it's a pity that people are asking if they are going to be able to do it. They are all trying to get it out of the way. All the tricks are all the methodologies from the technology and brainwash, so they don't have the tools. If you think that's good enough, then you can use the minute button and you won't have to destroy it. What do you think? I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be ablesilence So this...silence I'm going to see what else is there. I'm going to see what else is there. Who else is there? (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pathways, build a map of yoga, build a yellow, build a map of shanty, build a group of enemies and create a map of shanty. Okay. Okay. I'm just gonna show you the videos that I'm gonna upload. One more thing is... I have to... Actually... Silence Silence I'll release it now. Now I'll release it. I'll release it now. I'll release it now. I'll release it now. I'll release it now. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You must address and read it here. (keyboard clicking) - Collins? - Yes. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Oh, that's it, we'll see you in the next video.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence Syno.silence So what all of some of the things are found? I'm going to move down the pond. It's not in the water, but in the consciousness. One of the things that's up to parallel. (indistinct) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Ah, I don't know, I'm about to post, uh, I'm not going to look at that. They had nothing to do. I'm not going to look at that. I'm not going to look at that. Well, I ain't sure what else I'd like to say about that, but that's always good. Yeah, I'm telling you.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background noise Foreign Language Oh my God. We have a laser and an 8-map camera in the box.silence Yeah?speaking in foreign language I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here, I'm not sure what's going on here So I'm going to make a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a >> No, I'm not. I'm a size on the camera.INAUDIBLE Yeah, I'm going to have fun doing this, and I'm going to have a lot of fun doing this.MUSICINAUDIBLE I don't know what to write, but it's a success. I want to see all of these houses look here. Right?INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Sam... Sam, lolly. (Police sirens) (Police sirens) (Police sirens) I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'll tell you about it, I'llno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I think it's a good idea to have a lot of people come up to me to do something about it. I think it's a good idea to have a lot of people come up to me to do something about it. Well, where are we at the Mbc scene? Look, you got to come on. We're on our first zone. (door slams) (gasps) (speaking in foreign language) So I'm going to do that. I don't want to do anything, I don't want to do anything. I have to do that. The only thing I have to do is to do the PV. The only thing I have to do is to do the PV. The only thing I have to do is to do the PV. The only thing I have to do is to do the PV. The only thing I have to do is to do the PV. The only thing I have to do is to do the PV. The P4 is pretty cool, but I don't think it will be the same as the previous one. That's the first time I've ever seen this. I think it will be in 2020.Clock clicksClock clicksMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic And then I have a separate note, M4, J, yeah, but of course, if you want to follow it, I have to add in the rest of the notes. But now I have a piano, which is just a little bit different. Stomping rope, and I think you have to go like this, you don't have to go there, you have to go back to the new scene.PausePausePausePauseCLICKCLICK Silence Silence I'm going to talk to you about how I'm going to be able to make a video about this in a certain way. I'm not going to say that I'm going to be able to make a video about this in a certain way. I'm going to say that I'm going to be able to make a video about this in a certain way. So that's new pieces. I'm going to go third now. Do you have any other options for me to do my thing? I'm going to put those on. I'm going to go on the challenge. I'm just going to be in software with the name of putback resin, and here is my other else, no I can't sell any of them. I'm going to let that all go. You also get just my little one. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yes, I think it's about half-cancel, about half-cancel, so it's a bit of a bit of a problem. So, I'll just put it in a little bit of a problem. If you don't have anything in mind, then you can't do that. Well, I got to have there, and so I don't want to buy a lot of things right now, but it's not bad, you just have to have a snake in the middle of it. I'm thinking about that. I'm too much for my pulse, it's near, near, near. So, I'll do that. That's probably what it looks like. It's just a bit too sad to see someone. It's a bit too sad to see someone. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, if you want to know more about this technique, please subscribe to my channel and I'll see you in the next video. I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, I'm not going to let you deal with me soon, Silence Silence Silence Silence We don't know what the manuals are about to see. This is what's in the old level, pretty sure. That could be the old one. You This is what's in the old level. I'm going to get my capy ankle in the diabetics. Use them to all of them as you put them up to the left shoulder. You can get your capy ankle in the diabetics. I'm going to go on. You missed the long thing. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silence Silence This hint, eh, he must be pulling it down to the, uh, he was like this. Where's that from us? What character is he? I'm going to have another class. I'm going to use an X-N8. Good to go. Good to go. The E on the E on the E on the outside. The S on the E on the inside. The E on the outside. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it.INAUDIBLE I'm going to use a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SilenceSilenceSilenceSilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (sniffing) I just want to add a little bit of this little bit of a little bit more of this little bit The cool and the awkward people at the moment. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. All day long, I have been using my own products with other products in my sleep, and I'm going to do something, because I've been working for years now, and I'm not going to stop. So, this is, this is, this is, this is, this is. This is a slasel, boys, from a... ...and she was healed. She, you know, products... Me and my crew's left, but it's almost done, and then... ...and then, what I thought, no, I'd be left with it. It's almost done. It's almost... It's a me and... (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what to do with this one, but I'm going to do it with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show you how to do it, I will show So we can also detect that the real human style here is not a normal human being, and that will guide you from the last thing to the last thing. That's the real human being. So we can also detect that the real human being here is not a normal human being. I'm still in the dark, so I'll just put all of that on the back of the box. All day in the canoples. Okay, that's a commitment to having a mouthful. We have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have a very good time, we have I don't know, but I will help you stand. It's not for that. I don't think there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there are people who think that there I don't think there is a lot of people who think that I can stand. I don't know, the cheater. I'll leave. Oh, I'm tot. I'm going to take a little bit of a bit to select the PI. Now I'll select the PI. I'll do all the new beginners, but I'm not going to do any new ones. I'll select this course and I'm going to do all right. (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to put this on the top side of the screen. I'm going to start with 1 bit point 0, you know. There's no one to be afraid of anything. I don't want to be afraid of anything. There's no one to be afraid of anything. I'm going to start with 1 bit point 0, you know. I'm going to start with 1 bit point 0, you know. I don't know if I can find it, but I'll find it in the store. I saw the earth on the shelf. open it. Thank you, thank you very much. Oh, the Copics set is up tomorrow. I'm going to do it tomorrow. I'm going to kick you off. So, first of all, I want to lighten up the light. I think that was neat. But all of that's a show. See you in the next one.silenceno speech detectedsilencesilence If you know something, don't sort of mess with it. I have snows and bushes off, but the taste back, but the cake, but that the man's so we're going to have more time now. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (door slams) - Yeah, I hope it's not bad to sit. I hope. - Try it.Clock ticking I hope not. You know that probably mean you're a pearly dog, you know? You can't get me up in the air, man. Sorry.Clock tickingClock tickingINAUDIBLE Just can slot them. I don't think I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna top my remote cross to build cross to something. I want to see this. Fete! This is for me, I'll fix this. I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't I'm going to start with a blare, and I'm going to start doing this. Ready? What do you think about this? I'm going to start doing this with a big knife. So, why didn't it? That's it. Nothing useful. Oh, my God, that's about curious. I'm going to head in a shot.silence Silence I don't suppose I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing, but I'll have an other thing,silencesilencesilenceinaudiblesilence That's bad. I'm a bit too late, I dropped two of those, I'm only afraid of it, so... What is it? That's bad. Silence Now I'm adjusting that I can put a shoot of the whole name in such a video.silencesilence The briefs are patrimal bullet in the house and out now, while the house starts in and full its form, that's all I'm going to do.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't I don't want to say that there are a lot of other things that I don't want to say, but I want to make sure that I don't have to do all of that. I don't want to say that there are a lot of other things that I don't want to say, but I don't want to say that there are a lot of other things that I don't want to say, but I don't want to say that there are a lot of other things that I don't want to say.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) It's a separate building. I'll call the group to be released next time. You guys.silencesilencesilence I'll be there. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.Pause You're not going to send me. You're not going to reply to me.PausePause SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Okay, fine. Thank you. Thank you. >> Let me see if I can fit in more. So gauges, yeah, kind of gauges in half a lot. Not pretty dark. I'm not going to make sure that the fall off comes in. Okay, let's start moving on. I'm going to just do all of it by deactivating or stop the noise. Not that I'm going to stop it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible for all that, the best thing in the world, is that I have a good memory of this. I'm a little bit too tall, I wish I had a pamphlet from the wrong man. There are lots, there are many things. I want to say, the whole thing, is a bar for me. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (singing in foreign language) that question. Back to the other...Sounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Hello, home. Oh, yeah, we have another set of fairings here. Thank you. Silence Silence (singing in foreign language)  Oh, I'm in   Oh, I'm in   Oh, I'm in   Oh, I'm in   Oh, I'm in   Oh, I'm in   Oh, I'm in  Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible It's a long game. That's a long game. Here. You Pause Pause Pause (sniffing) (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPING Silence SilenceMusicPause (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE >> My God, there's a shiftersie, there's never going off people.silencesilenceSilenceSilenceINAUDIBLE And on the 20th, a bit more, the I and the LATIS, cut the shell on the top of, tenets, and I don't know if the cut of the I and the LATIS is going to be a little bit more. Well, I don't know what to do with this one, but it's a bit of a bad idea to do it. That's fine. *snaps fingers* *snaps fingers* *snaps fingers* *snaps fingers* *snaps fingers* *snaps fingers* (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to add a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a littlesilencesilencesilence It's on here. That's what I'm doing here.silence Being a tough day also. A studio chance by now, and you know I never... ...and not by commence, and I've got a chance to be present. ...and I'm not present. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to miss you. That's it. Can't believe it. Didn't know. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.no speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Okay, please, I know, she said that, uh, the last one. (keyboard clicking) You want the latches up? (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. I'm going to explain it to you. >> What if it's not, and it's not, it's not. >>INAUDIBLE But you didn't get me, that had to be the answer to anyone who said it was too hot. Well, that is actually... Oh, no. It was awesome. Hmm, not good, no.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) - You're not gonna. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I just should go ahead and go down a little bit more. But you have to adopt this one, eh?Music I think victory is, it goes us. I still have a little chance. That's that lovely. I'll just just let me know if there's anyone else there. Oh, that's so fun. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) SilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I think that service within the cartel components Oh, what did you know? I thought you knew. That's right, to say I have a portion of the scenes. Nice, so this is all about the, but the, uh, the only thing, the only thing that she had to take I can't listen to that, I don't know if it's that bad or not. Let's get a job at Syrup. All of that. Not kind of a show. What's in the source? Okay. So should I come? You don't need to really... don't go on, let's see, oh I think it's also a mess. In the end, Walter Bynos will count and if they really go to do this, they're going to do this. Whatever happens, it's a bonus scheme. They're going to turn off the economy and to achieve the system economy. Eventually, the economy is going to shrink and somewhere they'll pay. So if a light can do HR, that they did 3 years ago was 16,000 employees now at 2000, they're only selling to 50 customers and they're supposedly doing just the global standards for every That's still getting baits and making FDP 40% so that's a possibility, sure. So... Yeah. Yeah.INAUDIBLEMUSICsilenceinaudiblesilenceinaudiblesilence (sniffing) No, it's not, it's because nobody seems to care about that. I think it's not. I think it's not. I think it's not, I think it's him. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePauseSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs How can you do a good job if you hate it?SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'm not sure if you can see it. What else? I don't see anything. I don't see anything. (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceINAUDIBLE I'll see you in the next video.Music So, I'll bring it down here. I'll put it in a blue signal. I'll put it in a blue signal. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE in she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's at the end, she's I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't know what's going to happen to me, I don't (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence We'll take a move to that room, add to the end of the room. There we go. We're going to put this in. We're going to open it. Now we're going to open it. We're going to set the pulse. We're going to set the pulse. Please. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. What's the other one? Accessing. Okay. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) First, I spelled it out in a dark, and then I actually went to my two minutes, and I don't want you to be so close to the previous bests here in my guttales. As do my assistants, I pack them out and tell you what to do now. I don't know what to do, but I'm just going to do my best. I don't want you to be so close to the previous bests here in my guttales. I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinky push on it, and then I'm going to try to put my pinkysilence Oh, if we wanted to roll to them.silence I'll have to read that book. I'll have to read that book. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) But first I found out if I was going to give him a... I could have even said that I was going to give him a chance to get away from it. But now I don't know if I'm going to be able to get away from it. But I think I'm going to be able to get away from it. But I can't see what I'm going to do. Yeah, I can't see what I'm going to do, and that's where the rest of the game is, because the two of us know what's going to happen, and of course we'll be able to get the rest of the game. We'll be back tomorrow, because we're going to have a global fascist dictatorship, because we're going to be able to get the rest of the game, and we'll be back tomorrow.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Done. The original minute they're sushi they're not even They're only doing a lot of nuts on that dignity right now So, bothered those men since they stopped making tea It's too much of a sin That's the name you have been watching Like, the new week on the last episode of "Legs" Done (knocking on door)MusicMusicMusicMusic with it. I will also cheat the system of us. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (laughs) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) So, it's the brainwurfing and the news of the day, the little name. (laughs) (clicking) (clicking) I'm not sure that's super annoying mind-seem-usense. I can't deny that. I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if you can see it, but it is your own nationality, sir. You know. I don't know. I don't know if you can see it, sir. I'll just tell you what I'm all about in this field. There's a little bit of key on in here. I'll tell you what I'm all about in this field. I'm just a little bit of that doing it. (sniffing) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (indistinct) >> Me and the hell's that's. I'm still waiting for it to come down. He is dead, he wants to take the laptop, so I'll give him all the back of the ship. I'll just open the door and see if I can get him. Thank you very much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know, it's a moment in. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I think it's a bit of a bad idea to do something like that. You don't have to do that. You have to analyze it. We have to analyze it. We have to analyze it. We have to analyze it. We have to analyze it. We have to analyze it. We have to analyze it. We have to analyze it. I'm sorry to talk to you, but I don't need anything. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. What did he have? He has the very easy course of the galaxy, but the acting attack is about to push him.inaudible Hello, good to see you again. I don't see the bass line on the top of my head. I don't see the bass line on the top of my head. I don't see the bass line on the top of my head. I don't see the bass line on the top of my head. Just on the end of it. One of those rats here, it's built up. You can see that there's nobody in it. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Silence Silence And now I'm going to do a tilt, I think, and the tilt-up stems are the last one, and now I'm going to do a tilt-up. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) So let me know what else was this. That's what I was talking about. Like, let me ask you, and bring back some. Let me see if I can bring it back on the screen. What else? (sniffing) (sniffing) (screaming) I don't know if you can see it. I can only talk about the two of them, but can you talk about the two of them? Not really, can't. BUSH! It's not the one that I'm talking about. It's the two of them. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Thank you that I still follow to build. Thank you that no one is absolutely allowed to meet. and they think it's a $3.70. If you want to save it. Thank you for watching. If you want to save it, you can click on the link in the description. If you want to save it, click on the link in the description. Silence SilenceMusicMusic No, I thought to advise that it was a very start of the video, so all these two are these. It's a whole bunch of tools around. There's a lot of metal parts, it's not very... I'm not sure if I like it. It's mineral and it's from... from some of these. That's the guy who calls the world in there. (laughs) (sniffs) (speaking in foreign language) It's not me, it's you. (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'll start any multi-correlting. I'll start any multi-correlting. I'll start any multi-correlting. I'll start any multi-correlting. SilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Silence Wow! $50,000. You have no further line this year. I'm going to send you one bit to go in just a survive early.Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence No, you want to do it or not, you should show what's in it. You don't have to be my husband. You have to be my husband, you should be my husband. I don't have to be my husband, but... ...you have to be my husband. You have to be my husband. I don't have to be my husband. I don't have to be my husband. I don't have to be my husband. (clearing throat) (sighs) (clearing throat) (clearing throat) (clearing throat) (clearing throat)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE So I'll focus on this one.pausepause And that's nearly that way. I don't know if I can get it myself, but I don't know how so I'm going to use it. Oh yeah, I can only get it myself. I have not been able to do this, I think that's probably the way. I don't know if I can get it myself, but I don't know if I can get it myself, but I don't know how so I'm going to use it. I don't know if I can get it myself, but I don't know if I can get it myself, but I don't know how so I'm going to use it. Let's just blur the spectrum and see what it is. So, the highlight is just never even look like this. Let's do it for now. Let's do it for now.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.inaudible I'll also... ...today I'll have to do it. That's it. I think I'll have to do it again. (snaps) (snaps fingers) What was this thing that could be the only thing that could be the macron? We just have a dual-tie, so it could be a little bit of a new upgrade. What was that? - Good night. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I hope this is it. So, hello everyone, good to see you again, all the way to Stockholm. Hi, I'm Sjvara, and I'll see you in the next video. Peace be to yourself. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePause I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room You know what I mean, you know? You know what I mean to do? You know, people can hear me and they're just also fed, they're simply making them do that, they just stop giving them. I can't hold this in.Knocking on doorKnocking on doorKnocking on doorKnocking on doorKnocking on doorKnocking on doorKnocking on doorKnocking on door And then I'll have to know if I'm tall. Let me see me. I think I'm just not tall. I think I'm just not tall. I think I'm just not tall. I think I'm just not tall. I think I'm just not tall. (sniffing) (sniffing) You see all that going on? (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm just going to put it up to kill, man. The way that I... I don't want to draw on your percansix. Thanks. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to put it on the other side of the box. I'm going to put it on the other side of the box. I'm going to put it on the other side of the box.silence Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)Music Music SilenceMusicMusicinaudible I'm going to go to the door.MusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)PausePause Okay then. (keyboard clicking) Hi. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know (clears throat) (speaking in foreign language) (clears throat)MUSIC (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected You got that though. Look at that, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, popno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I got a bad thought. Wow. That's it.NOISECOUGHLAUGHINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to add a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencespeaking in foreign language I'm going to use this to make a hole in the middle of the hole, so I can make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to use this to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to use this to make a hole in the middle of the hole.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence That's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that, that's that You are picking it up in. We're not going to fix the smaller side. I don't know what that is, it ain't no one present.Music *sniff* I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else to do, I don't know what else *sniff* I'm not a baller, I'm dead. This is also not a good thing. I'm not a good thing. I guess I'll have to go to the other side. I'll buy a test. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't think so, but I don't think I'm going to say I'm going to be able to talk to you about this. So I'm going to see if I can talk to you about this. (speaking in foreign language) I can't go upstairs. No, I'm not listening to you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceSilence I'm going to start here now. I'm going to try to cut it up. We'll let's cut it up. I'm going to cut it up. I'm going to cut it up. I'm going to cut it up.MUSICno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE Look, look, look, look.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilence much. . . .silencesilence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audioSilenceSilenceno audioMusicMusic (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing in foreign language) (coughing in foreign language) (coughing in foreign language) (coughing in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Yes.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) - Pre-net. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence I'm going to add a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of Silence Silence Silence All right. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesniffingsilence Ah!silenceclears throatsilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicsighs So...keyboard clickingkeyboard clickingkeyboard clickingkeyboard clickingkeyboard clickingkeyboard clickingkeyboard clickingMUSICSOUND (sniffing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) Silence Silence Silence Silence (mouse clicking) (mimics clicking) (gasps) (mimics clicking)no speech detectedno speech detected Pause Pausesilence Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.LAUGHMUSICINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCOUGHsilence Oh, sorry, it's a toilet. Sorry, it's a toilet.silence (sighs) Mm-hmm. (laughs) Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.MusicMusic What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter?silencesilencesilence (singing in foreign language) (humming) (humming) (humming) (humming) (humming) (humming)no speech detectedno speech detected Hey, yeah, I'm dead. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh OhLAUGHTER I didn't. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye, and Pram! Ruff!MusicMusicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) >> Wow.SOUNDsilencesilence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (laughing) What's the one? (laughing) (crow cawing) - Go ahead, get it, go ahead. (crow cawing) - Go ahead. (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) Silence Silence Okay, let's go. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence >> Why? Silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Thank you.no audiono audiono audio (sighs) (sighs) (groans)silencegroaningsniffing (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceburpsswooshsilencecoughingsilencecoughing Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Silence Silence Silence Pause Pause Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)silencesilence (sniffing)silencesilencesilence Pause Pause (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) That is still a little bit silent. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Pause Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKS Pause Nope. Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiosilencesilenceCOUGH Silence Silence Silence SilenceCOUGH Silence Silenceno speech detected