[00:01:37.56] OneOdio FM1:	Pausesilencesilencesilencesighs (knocking on door) (coughing)INAUDIBLESOUNDPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (burps) (burps) (burps) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic (clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clapCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKINAUDIBLE I can't even see my camera. I can't even see my camera. I can't see my camera. I can't see my camera. I'm going to use the left one, I'm going to use the left one, I'm going to use the left one. I'm going to use the left one. I'm going to use the left one.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Oh, I'll do a little copy of that, send him to the upper one. I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video, I'm going to take a look at the video (sighs) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Oops. I'm going to call for a deal to clean your... So last night, I'm going to clean up my room. Yo, can't you listen? You You Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, Do something in the reload. You know, you can always destroy me further mentally late. Do something that matters first. Otherwise, it's not only going to be enough for the coffee bills. (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Yeah (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilence and .no audiono audiono speech detected Hmm.no speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audio I really wish to hear that, but I probably didn't, I'm not gonna miss a bit more. I'm gonna stay still. I don't know, I'm not sure. I don't know, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm I don't know, I have sent them up, I'm open standby. I mean, I myself. Yeah.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping)BEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPING (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So that's how it is now, right? So that's how it is now, right?INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Yeah, so some things don't move from up, anyway, hey, well, you know, just for a minute,inaudible (door slams) (grunts) Silence Silence I'll show you where the engine is going to go. to do that.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (grunts) That's all, we know what we're saying. Let's see this. That's nice, and the drum and the bar for the new synth, yeah, I don't know how to do it in my personal prohibition with the synth. The drum and the airtale, yeah, the synth, yeah, the synth, yeah, the synth, yeah, the synth, yeah, the synth, yeah, the synth, yeah, the synth, yeah, the synth, yeah, the synth, yeah, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in herePause I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the other side of the screen and I'm going to flip it over to the on and we use the sub-model to pin system up with it, yeah, there you go, let's go on the sample.INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silenceno speech detected So, you don't sound like that. Yeah, I should call them touches and want to play with them. So, I'm going to play with them.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSighs And uh, in fact... I'm going to be back to you.SighsSighsSighsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sighs) (laughs) Salt is in it, you guys said? (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sighs) (sighs) (cow mooing) (sighs) (cow mooing) (cow mooing)silencesilence I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a Silence Silence (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) So soon.silencesilence Silence Pause Pause Silence Silence I don't know how to do that, so it's this one.MusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence (sighs) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sighs) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Pause Pause Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning)clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclicksilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) All right, that's it? (coughing) (coughing) (phone ringing) - All right, dig up. Cock up, dig up. Bala, cock up, you see. Cock up, you're sitting deep at those. doisfenilak dot et emirai azab doisfenilak dot et emirai azab doisfenilak dot et emirai azab doisfenilak dot et emirai azab doisfenilak dot et emirai azab doisfenilak dot et emirai azab doisfenilak dot et emirai azab doisfenilak dot et emirai azab doisfenilak dot et emirai azab doisfenilak dot et emirai azab doisfenilak dot et emirai azabsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesighsMusicMusicMusic (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to do something I don't know. I'm going to do something I don't know. you I'm going to do something I don't know. (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE (sighs) (sniffing) (door slams shut) (sighs) (sniffing) (door slams shut) (door slams shut) (door slams shut) (sighs) (door slams shut) (sniffles) (door slams shut) (door slams shut) (door slams shut) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)sighs (sniffing) Bye. Bye. (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) I think we were just throwing it up for a little bit. It's a no-out, so I'll just end up in here, though. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know why I'm a lot of nonsense. I'm a lot of the shrews. Oh, you're not a lot of people, aren't you? Duh!silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence SilenceCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKING (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >>INAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)typing soundstyping soundstyping sounds (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Silence Oh. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> This here. I'll turn on the mic with that case. I'll turn it on the same. I'll turn it on the same. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll see you tomorrow, I'll be... The worst, I'm the worst in the world. I'll check that for the next one. I'll see you in the next one. See you on the other page. (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) options and then the single-mail address. I'm going to need a little more time. I'm going to give you a voice, then I can actually leave. to the wall on. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) I'm so excited to see it. Thank you for watching.silencesilence It's not the same. I like that this first. Let's do this. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm starting to do a little bit of sync, really nice. Oh, I thought you were going to end. I'm going to use the other side. I'm going to use the other side. I'm going to use the other side.Clears throatsilencesilenceinaudible Thank you for watching.Music I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it. I don't know if I'm going to do it.silence Okay.silence I'll just need to send it outside my library. (sighs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles)silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, what's the two? Time to turn on. I wish they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me, but they would still be with me Now I can turn on the disturb, the disturb, the disturb, the white hole is still in this way. The white hole is still in this way. Now I can turn on the disturb. I don't know what that means. Go on the end, I don't know what that means. Then you'll send, you'll get some sending in your cookbook. You'll get some more lessons. Silence Silence I'd like to pick a cone, but it's very cool.silence You know I'll text you better. The Eucalypti of the Cobalpeid. This is the color of the M.O.A. Awesome. The Cobalpeid is amazing. Oh my god.Pause (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause So, as soon as you listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to the music, you can listen to theSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Silence >> That's so good.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Give me a mullet. That's not too pilot and I want you to look for a way out of sight. That's a lot of perspective and I can't tell if it's yours. Thank you for watching. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (dog barks)MUSICSilenceMusicMusic So, can you back see it, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh Thanks a lot, bye-bye. I'll see you in the next video. I'm going to see them in the lower ones. It's going to get some, it's going to get some, it's going to get some, it's going to get some, it's going to get some, it's going to get some, it's going to get some, it's going to get some, it's going to get some, it's going to get some, it's going to get some, it's goingINAUDIBLEsighs First of all, I'm doing this all year round, so I'm going to come in and say, "What's going on?" What's going on?silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to add a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more >>INAUDIBLE >> Look, the toilet is in the car. That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's itinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible But I'm sorry, I'm out. Well, I think it's a little annoying to turn on the talker for some sort of happy reaction. That's what's...INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE What's happening? What's going on? A handkerchief. Stapinha Gino. The table is set to be actually the seat belt seat. The table is set to be actually the seat belt seat. The table is set to be actually the seat belt seat. The table is set to be actually the seat belt seat.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilencesilencesilence Don't be the older person that we're going to be. and then you have three of them. So, let's start with the special. The reason is all the tactics. There's a process where we don't really understand anything else. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) SilenceMusicMusicMusicSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence That's a lot of things. All the specs are also there. I don't know if you know how good it is or not. I'm so disappointed that nobody has thought about it. It's something of a decent society, but I'm not a real person. Just a little respect please for that. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I think that's it, so that's my position, people who respect you live, respect, close their privacy, at the inputs that you're in.Music So, gossiping can only happen by mind reading via telepathy, is that not your hypothesis? I have another friend, I gossiped, just to all, and yes, I just lost that. No, this should not be that much of a social burst of a series where to get to know people. I still want to just say.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS I'm trying to perhaps use something which is similar to kind of, but it's actually the other one. Why would be because he wants to read the channel's mind? Why? Why has he captured this?silence I'm going to show you how to make it look like when you talk about it, but if you don't, come on, that's some reason.silencesilence Why, you ought to know if he's K-E-R-O-S-R-F-I-N-D. Why, you ought to know if he's K-E-R-O-S-R-F-I-N-D.silence Very uh, been discreet of. Very discreet. Not old at all. Very discreet of. Very discreet. Silence That was great. I'll be your sense. Be concocious.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilence Come on, let's learn. Well, I was just a little father and me when he was a cousin, I think he got along with him. I was just a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when he was a little father and me when So, I was just a little kid and I was just a little kid and I was just a little kid and I was just a little kid.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (coughing) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencespeaking in foreign language That's a push for you stock process. I got a link about the egg to the elements. I'll show you some of the other elements. I'll show you some of the other elements. I'll show you some of the other elements. and the shots you tell your penis there. Thanks for watching. I don't know if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it,silenceinaudibleinaudible I'm just gonna switch to that and call me in. In that house. Let me in. Out. Out. Out.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, though. So. Thank you very much for your time. I want to probably only get a big, big fee for this, fine as fee. I'll watch the videos. So, as you get this, how are you going to split it up? Oh, now I have nothing to do. So, you'll be able to continue with an agreement to split up. So, you'll be able to split up. Yeah, I do Tesla Is it a yellow? I have a list of 7 of the suits I don't know, I just feel kind of sad this I'm a bit sad I'm a swamma I'm going to go right now, like, you'll see I need to go right now, just, uh, for, uh, all kind of a bug. So, you know what else? Bye, you have to. You also know why, why do you jump into the possibility of this? I'll assume that you buy part of the new irrationality and many vocations. to start a rational trail of thoughts or stay in it, I think it's better. Thank you for your time. Thank you very much. I'll tell you it needs to work. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.no speech detected Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio So Awesome.INAUDIBLE (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE which is against that, but it's not going to go before going to all the acquisition team. That's just an annoying. This is all they're going to know about you now, then. So, there's the, uh, this, for Nordic E3S, there's still, in company, there's the, first, uh, pencil each, uh, what's the, uh, with a, uh, code.INAUDIBLE Don't have much, feel how good people are. in the comments. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. You see it's been, it's pretty tingling with almost another one. and I've done that news to infiltrate other companies but aren't they so low for off-its or is there like certain loss source no contribution of it no there's a pretzel thingsniffsniffsniffsighinaudibleinaudiblesniffsniffsniffsniffsniff That's the exact same tool at all. Why do you try to wait for us to see me to do the handshake thing? That's what you're doing. for the sake of all the change Don't want to do any of it, it's slavery, you'll have to react in my mind to salsa. There are occasions still on the hatch, I think I probably always feel something like this. I try to be mindful and respectful, I mean, I can't help it. It's not me calling a person with a phone. Definitely not. To save outbound, clearly false. It's abuse as far as with your abuse. Still okay. The 3P like facilitate and I am not okay at all with this call for enough that I have to say today. Today it's really today, but still today it might be enough and a final day that I can and that's the most more today. That's the same today, because we're too many times to show how you can control your emotions.silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence I'm sorry, I'm okay. I'm sorry, I'm okay. I'm sorry, I'm okay. Silence Silence Silence Now, here, don't think. - Wait a minute. I don't want you, but I mean, if there's no smooth transition, I'm going to use a little bit of a smooth transition, so I'm going to use a little bit of a smooth transition, so I'm going to use a little bit of a smooth transition, Silence >> I know that, so I never was. Okay. Silence That is not my impression, but it's been like this, and I think that's what could be experienced to be as felt as such because you've disconnected this analog link, which only allows me to hear or quote Google for a betrayed version of what is supposed to be all the person would be saying or thinking and the both of you I don't think I was able to not hear the person in the talk or say something about the field of the person which I'm not able to for a peer-on heart Because you disconnected feeling you and all that maliciousness quite really But not Whoever you then trying to deceive is also there It's a native going from you If I follow your You're reading anywhere, you're teaching about. So as you're willing to, uh, to admit something. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) So, how to shape in the course of the call of the person with a sort of feeling thing.inaudible I don't want to precise it, but it's not just a number, it's kind of like a boat. I'm going to throw a ball on this. I ain't going to explode like today. Today. Wow. Go and do the sputtering thing and sometimes say it and I can't die, but on your head you can also not switch your fire gun to the edge of the plane, you're able to do it differently to all the people I have in this. I want to be good on the slice of this, it's cold. Flash, multi-means, switch on, that's seem to work on me for the read, so if you're talking about this, when I'm talking already, if you're talking about this, this switch on the TV thing, when I'm talking about ending this for me. These make it very clearly understood that I'm talking about biological debt not switching off the end of my biological life so no more heartbeats, no more productivity not just switching off an old TV set for the remote control. Take an answer. I'll be showing you again later. Very distance.silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) That's what it looks like, but if you're saying this, I don't know, I'm not sure. I also feel that it is a very interesting thing to say for assuming it is for the decision and final talk of mine. It is not in your own interest. the fastest. and you will be so nice to me, so I'm being prepared for so much to do the job. The most hilarious work, maybe there's more to it than the censors ones. It feels... Well, yeah, but I'll try to take it over again. I'll have a bit more time to figure out together where you want us a real soon. Thank you, Mr. Day. 30,000 euros for pay for all of our own bid points. Thank you. I just spent my passion for last year. Can we do this? We can do this by the end of the year. I just started taking a look at the video. You get over before I say no, I don't accept it, I don't want to accept it, I don't want to see what. I'm thinking about what it's going to be, I'm about to see if it's going to be delivered or not. Well, very fair to me. >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to try to leave it in the middle of the screen. Very nice.INAUDIBLE then you want to talk to each other.silencesilencesilence It's a, it's a process, you know that's it. Okay. Okay. Okay, just to the tape to use it. The ink actually, whatever, no matter, and the sides. Well, as I already said yesterday, remember the face. Yeah, that's all we have to do. So we're making this video to overcome your eos. Thank you for watching. Say hello, sorry, man. The last time you fired in another year, passed all the men who took home as a figure and obstacle. Bye, and I know you. If you want to ask whether all this reason and all this else, then you're going to start to make it even a few more attempts at your delicious, fat intentions in your arguing Don't let me touch it, it takes time to touch it also. Okay. Now, if you have a little hi, I guess. Thank you. I'll see you in a bit too much. But I'm trying to get my pronunciation correct.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm sorry, but I'm a little bit more malicious than you are, but I'm a little bit more malicious than you are, but I'm a little bit more malicious than you are, but I'm a little bit more malicious than you are, but I'm a little bit more malicious than you are, but I'm a little bit more malicious than you are, but I'm a little bit more malicious than you are, but I'm a little bit more malicious (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) This ends or this ends when you are beginning. Thank you for watching. I'm going to do anything on the big part of that one, I'm going to use the side that I want to check. So maybe I'll see you soon. If you need to be abusive and everything you ask, That's to be dainty, but that's what I'm talking about, that's to be dainty, but that's what I'm talking about, that's to be dainty, but that's what I'm talking about, that's to be dainty, but that's what I'm talking about, that's to be dainty, but that's to be dainty, but that's why is that a good thing to want? Well, they're trying to say what they're like this. So they have serious doubts or... If you want to be stronger than believe, then you're able to make sure. Stay there, you'll be there.inaudible I'm going to put a little bit more on that, don't think I've come last, I'll pick some on this part, but it's best to get it next.silenceBEEP I got these fakers, abuse that primates for units, even elephant, and that's something. I'll be right back. (sniffing)INAUDIBLE Yes. I can't even get in here, I can't even get in here. I think I have a time time, a time time time. I can't see where I can get in here, but I can't see where I can get in here, so I can't see where I can get in here. I can't see where I can get in here, so I can't see where I can get in here. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You really don't like it? Do you talk to me every hour? (speaking in foreign language) of course here, let me be the rest of you, I know that I want to make it city so you stay on your own right.silencesilencesilence You're sure that that's so stop talking bad about that even if you're the one. I'm sorry, I'm sorry.silenceinaudibleinaudible I'm gonna kill the boy. Blah, blah, blah, blah. I can do the right lesson. (mimics music)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silence >> No, simply here. >> Well, I don't know if I have that, but I think it is. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarksilencesniffingsniffing (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) - I lost, no, I can't move. (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICK Go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on,silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Yes. (clicking) - Perfect, you know. You must, you know, don't tell us this. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you. You said it's over here. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE Yes, slow. (sniffing sound) T-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t (sniffing sound) (whistling)BellBellsilencesniffingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) Okay. Okay. Okay. (coughs) Go speed up up. I'm going to go all the time. Let's go to the logic. Go to the logic. Go to the logic. Go to the logic, and hard felt, these are soft, and hard felt, these are soft, and hard felt, these are soft. Yeah, and it looks like it must have some extra formals in it. (footsteps) No, that perfect. You make six all the time. I have to make it a little bit mistakes. So you can be going to the process. That's what you will make us completely at once. You will be very too clean up. It's the bring us you again. Good to kill. to like you do about this? or something else? just think about it, what's your stuff? *burp* *sniff* So we are not going to talk this out, I don't think I'm going to be perfect on this. Thank you very much for having me, this will be all done for us.silence So the test starts with the rose, that's another thing, the back of the ring. The rose takes out a once. That really poor rose. Like, you know, that thing is weird, yeah. Yeah, no, very well then, I'll go on to the next level.BEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPING (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I'll give a stop. I'll see you in a bit for a second. I'm not going to run with you. I'm not going to run with you. I'm not going to run with you. I call fix my life, fix my life in the moment so you can be happy friends for whatever that needs to be figured out makes. Okay. That's what we should just make sure to start with. Silence Silenceinaudible (sniffing) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sighs) I think I should ask. So, should I, please go away? I think I'm gonna use this again. I'd be listening to a local mission in a lot of things. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll see you in the next one.SighsSighs (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (coughing) Well, the only result is found. It was here we said, but I'm not sure if I had the almas.MusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more, I'm going to do it a little bit more to the music for this one to fall away. So I'll let you guys act tall. (sniffing) (mimicking music) Uh-oh. (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sighs) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) To that beach. I'm going to be a child of a good man.XBOX SOUND I don't know what I'm gonna do. *snaps fingers* *sigh*silenceCOUGHINAUDIBLE (door opens) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Pause (laughs)silencesilence (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsBELL RINGING Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohMusicMusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know Let's find a kind of... a medium up to you, sorry. I'll see you in a bit more moment. I'm really sorry, I just... I'm not here on your last show. I'm sorry.silenceinaudiblesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE I'm not going to say something new, but I'm going to be able to. That's a wrap.silence Oh, I'm not getting out of here. Get it over and stuff, I'll just run off. Let's run off. I like it, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff. It's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a lot of stuff, it's a I don't know, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price is, I don't know what the price I think that it's Nikons and I know that it's a really bad story. I'm going to be back in a couple of weeks. I'm going to be able to finish the day today. I'm going to be back in a couple of weeks. I'm going to be back in a couple of weeks. I'm going to be back in a couple of weeks. I'm going to be back in a couple of weeks. I'm going to be back in a couple of weeks. I'm going to be back in a couple of weeks. I'm going to be back in a couple of weeks. I'm going to be back in a couple of weeks. I'm going to use a new device. I could not use a bank or a folder or a cash or something. I'm going to look at it and I'm going to look at it later. I'm going to take a little bit more sleep. I'm going to take a little more sleep. I'm going to take a little more sleep. (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring video, I'm going to spend my head down on the ring You know, we still have a little time to talk about that.MusicMusicpausepause Oh my, all in your videos. Well, don't get the work up in the one and this is our sixth article. Welcome to the Geach of Online. This is our unit of performance. If you're still in the Super Dome, it's time to do the Super Dome and I'm going to play it again, because you don't even know what it is, and the Chester, do the writing. Do good and do not see it on.CLICKCLICK I have to get it right here and I have to hold it in my head as I can see it will come out and whatever it is, but it has to be hard. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> We're just talking about some of the snowboarding that's going to be going to theinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceinaudible No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I hope I was listening to this. I know. I hope I was listening to this. Thank you. I hope I was listening to this. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I hope I was listening to this. Thank you.MusicMusic Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I think so, and see you next time.SighsSighs What? Yes!SighsSighs Oh, yeah. I don't think I can do that. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm in the server pool and I'm going to clear a line that I have in the house. I have Peter live, where do you live? I'm going to work on the home chip, Peter. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Nice. Almost ready for up to the minimum. Nice. (sniffing) I don't think so. I think so. Two of the modes. Another one. I'll fix it, I don't want it to be like this. I'll put it on the top of the head, I'll put it on the top of the head, and then I'll fix it. That's it. Oh. Oh. (keyboard clicking) I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top We'll see about six of the little things then.Clock ticking I'm not a person of too long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, not long, I'm not going there. I'm going to get my hand out, but it's gone. 30 seconds. 30 seconds. PauseINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing)CHUCKLESsighs Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible I don't know what to do, I can't do anything, but you have to... I'm going to be late for a long time. There's no competition, so I'm going to be late. That's it, I'm going to be late, I'm going to be late for a long time. I don't know what to do. Y'all like it, Millington on still alive. I'm not fucking out, no, the rest are there, it's neat, I think I'm gonna leave soon.Clock tickingClock ticking Good night, too. (Humming) There we go, hello. (Humming) (Humming) (Humming)Bell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringing (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) Silence Silence HmmCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK (keyboard clicking) Hmm. See you.BEEPINGBEEPINGINAUDIBLEBEEPING (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence If you lie, if you die, do not lie, I never lie. The lying is a waste of time. That's way into us, boss. (Panting) (Panting) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) In the dark, come on. Tumors. Tumors. Tumors. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. That's a successful for me. It is not for you, it is not for anyone else, and nobody else is willing to make this effort by making an act in the end. So stop trying to pretend that I can sacrifice more. Okay.BEEPINGXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND (sad music) (singing in foreign language) (sad music) (sad music) (sad music) (sad music) (sniffing sound) (singing in foreign language) (sniffing sound) Pause Pause >> Lisa Ann Bhandun. (crickets chirping) Oh, this is losing, losing, losing. (sighing) (crickets chirping)silencesniffinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) Silence You must think of the device. Thank you very much.sighssighssighssighssighssighs Silence Silence Silence Silence >> No more upset? >> It's a secret. This is... This is... This is... This is... This is... This is...inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? We'll do some more in here.MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I have a killboy for the end of the generation after the killboy for the end of the generation after the killboy for the end of the generation after the killboy for the end of the generation after the killboy for the end of the generation after the killboy for the end of the generation I can't wait to see how it works. Let's fix it. Thank you for watching. You see, see, see, see, see.Music That's a beautiful one.Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilenceclicksilencesilencesilence (door slams) (clicking) Hope then, do. Soon leave it all over the place. Let me just you know and I'll help you and do whatever Super 80 times a new go and do You actually use for that You You You (knocking)INAUDIBLE (door slams shut) Pause Pause Silence Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Yeah, I'm not saying that we're going to post it. So let's take a shot closer and here. Well there I can see it. Children's, yeah. It's not passion for you, Steve. I don't know all the things I'm... That was not all the time. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE SilenceINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence (sniffing) Oh, I finished.CLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pause Pause *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* But I'm so comfortable doing these stuff this seems. No problem. Oh, definitely not all fails. There's only citrus fingers. Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusic Silence Silence (sniffing) (gasps) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) That's really important. I don't know how to pronounce that, but I don't know, it's a little salty, it's a littleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence >>INAUDIBLE I'm stuck in. I can't believe this is all I have. Silence Silence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Silence Silence Go.Clock tickingClock tickingClock ticking (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) If you're a kid, pay me a little bit, I'll just listen to you. I can't miss a darling word, so I thought you would do nothing to me, and you're right, I'll just... ...tut, tut, tut, tut.silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (burping) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudible That's the first. I'm going to start with the next.MusicMusic I'm going to have to go down. Ah! Yeah, but I'm going to go down. I'm going to have to go down. I'm going to have to go down. (laughs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) What? What? Pause Silence SilenceBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGinaudible (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE That was it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one.XBOX SOUNDsilencesniffingsilencesniffingsilencesilencesilence which was about the FTI map. Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.MusicMusicSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs That's a little, little look, something like that.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs and progress, progress and progress and progress I'm going to cast the link here as well. and if I had to pass the mega-cooler, I would have to wait until I got 20 seconds to get it done. Now I will come to a conclusion. Okay? Okay. No. No. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Here's another fun to like, please. I'm going to start with the first one.MusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause >> Speaking in foreign language (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence I'm going to show you how I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm that part it is new legataid will have a leg needs to flow and those two are separate in all types you will do so you and you will do so >>INAUDIBLEsilence Pause Pause Pause Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Let's go. All right. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.INAUDIBLE That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That That (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)GASPGASPsilencelaughter (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (mimicking sound) - Ah. (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'll leave it on the other side of the screen, so that it doesn't look too bad. Okay.SIGHSSIGHS Okay, okay (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLEARS THROATCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROAT (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) Cool. You did it right. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Oh, thank you, okay, sorry.BreathingINAUDIBLE You think you're holding up to a mouth and then you're holding up and then you're so way back to the nose head. Oh look, it's all my head and so. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause >> Offer this. (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs)MusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (grunting) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Simony. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (sniffing) I'll also add a little bit of voice, but I don't want to add a little bit of voice. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And in the next one. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Peace. (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) What's fucking slob and let that in all the time, do you? That's just your quiz. We'll be leaving the floor to this house for the best in the community of Huda Play. Love, leave the... I don't know if you know what? Basically it's also... I know.clicks tonguesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pause Mm.silenceclearing throatsilencesilencesilencesniffing (sniffing) - What's the difference? - No, that's not the difference. (sniffing) - Look, yeah, okay. But I don't know what the heck was that. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I don't think you can manipulate it. I'll put it in half and then I'll put it in half, and there are a lot of problems.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusic SilenceINAUDIBLE (laughs) - No, you picked a shot, I could let go of it. (screams) - No, no, no. (laughs) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) I'll see you next week, don't worry, I have no one. I'll see you next week, don't worry, I have no one. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I don't know how to make it like but it is, no. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (snaps fingers) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.MusicMusicMusicMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (laughs) >> Marie.SOUNDsilence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)MUSIC (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (triumphant music) (sniffing) (triumphant music) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSICMUSIC No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE You can do all this step on them. You can do all this step on them. You can do all this step on them. You can do all this step on them. You can do all this step on them. I don't know how to do it. I don't know what to do with the other life. I just want to come back to that, and I'll need your motor. Yeah, all of this. Yeah. Yeah.silencesniffsilence Silence Silence I don't even need a laptop in my iPhone. No, I don't need a laptop. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no. What happened? What made me so nervous? No. What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? Pause Pause I'm sure you're right.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence No.silencesilencesilence (clicking) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. So, this is what we're going to do today. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Music Music Inaudible Remark Good work. Thank you. Music (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter)ScreamsScreams Background Sounds Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. So, I am going to do a little bit of the same thing, I am going to do a little bit of the And if you think that you think that it's all back to Shubin, then you send the readers home stirred. Yes, that is not the start of all the moments as long as we end the show. Oh, that's the best, I'm thinking that you didn't know how to think you meant to stand. If you think that you know how to say this, then you'll get a total of 2,200 reports on the title of the English-y format, and you will be able to play the game. (speaking in foreign language) - Oh, sweet. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence SilenceSilence Yeah, it's hot. Thank you for your attention and see you there with a serious, serious, super-adapted reaction tonight.inaudibleMusic Background SoundsMusicMusic Background Sounds Music Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Music MusicMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Background noise Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (door slams) (indistinct) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps) Background Sounds I need to learn a deep thing for this. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I'm going to go to the market and see if I can do it. I don't know, no, I don't know, I don't know. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.INAUDIBLE I'll follow the volume of the code and make sure it's on the side of the screen. Thank you for watching. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to clean this box.PausePause I don't know if I can do it, but it's not that bad. I'll just go with the games.Music Silence SilenceSilence Okay, that's good.SilenceSilence Pause Pause All fields make right now, just a follow-up. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. You choose "backed", "face to face", "field people", "authentic people", "field fake", "revoice", "real language". We want some voice. Give a name, perhaps? I would want not to share once. Give a name. Give a name.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap)silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiosilence There's a dish that all the people know and they're moved. It reminds me of the police when I say, "Here's a girl, that's a girl." possible to use a real name. I feel like I have to reset this so this is not true. This is who wasn't really coming up with himself. Tell people in my opinion, just be able to do this. Even if it falls out, it's falling out.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence This would be two... two cooperatives. It has to be possible to talk to one another and then open it. Anyway, this was not part of the story today. We're going to step... have a nice evening. Try to be nice for us, you know what I'm going to do, do writing and don't look back I'm just going to get you on the A, that because you do not do writing, just do the writing (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (chanting in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Yes, to no other. I have no use of God for God's sake, serious time, but instead of no big service, even in all of us, speaking of yours, your voice, anyways. Trying to show me the intentions. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So I've got to start using... No, I've got to start using... I'm gonna start to predict the clean clean.MusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Good!silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilence Yeah, I was about to shoot.ClickClickClickClickClickClickClickClickClickClick Why is this going to stop tick off of me or do you? Okay, just the NIS. What's the name of this? This is also Southgate. You know, this is... Which is also... It's a treasure service, actually. It's really... (coughs) I don't want to be there, I don't want to be there, I don't want to be there. I don't want to be there, I don't want to be there. I don't want to be there, I don't want to be there. I don't want to be there, I don't want to be there. I don't want to be there, I don't want to be there. I don't want to be there, I don't want to be there. I don't want to be there, I don't want to be there. I don't want to be there, I don't want to be there. I'm on a couple of other sessions. So, I'm going to add a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of What can I do for who? I don't see if I'm going to get that in person. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Thanks for watching. >> But any of us for sure is somebody else else. Now just to pretend that the first person might be here. Because I had an ugly recall that was something that wasn't completed because the plan was not worth out of it or something. I'm going to go ahead and take this one. The plan changed. I'll feel so fit. I'm going to be able to do this. I'm going to be able to do this.silence No baking. No, your obliquids, you're not flying. You're not flying if you're lying to die. Flying is the rest of time. Don't be fake.POPPOP (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to ignore those names as far as I can. I'm going to push me into another one of those search hastings. Get all the people involved in this rate's core spectacle. to me if I lost something else is BOSSLOS but if anybody's upset and it's not been like, how would you which is so boring as this of them and that's more of a advantage.silence I'm trying to die here, not because I don't want to do it, because you make my life possible, and that's really smart of him. Just stop this abuse and do the right things. I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it. (door slams) (door slams)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusic I don't know what that was, but it was very... Wasn't that test test? Actually, I don't think so.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceINAUDIBLE Just to... I can't believe this. You'll know how quickly you use this. Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (inaudible)silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark Silencesilencespeaking in foreign languagesilencesilence Oh no, it's a fleece. Oh no, it's a fleece. Oh no, it's a fleece. (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) This is how to come on. This is how to come on. This is how to come on. This is how to come on. This is how to come on. This is how to come on. This is how to come on. This is how to come on. This is how to come on.no speech detected Just what do you have at a dead stem that can come to your mind? We eat the health of the dead stem. You You You I don't know if I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it, but I can see it (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking)silencesilenceSighs Will you smoke? Not that, Iris. Mark. Just...Sighs Pause Pause Silence Silence (crying) Ali! (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) Yes. (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLESighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Pause I have no idea what kind of science you are. Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence and distance, and if they won't stop this, they're gonna feel utterly close by, so you should help me. Let's say crazy and they don't need it, and it's not us. (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible This shot was killed, so I need to improve this sequence. him so he didn't, again, find another scapegoat.PausePause (door slams) Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes So, you can easily switch to the topic so you will not have to do a bit of about boss. Wow! Thanks for your time. need to die. Just some knee. If you keep on using the 2477 in the row, you need to fix my life and then they're going to help fix it. everybody, everybody's frozen as well, we cannot continue this views I guess. Needs to stop.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence Do you know the cause of all those? Of course I get killed with the police and news orcs are killing people by the tausd and when anybody becomes completely crooked and incriminable in the organization they cannot be killed. and extreme circumstances that were to become necessary, like right now, of course they get them.PausePause Okay, that's pretty nice, it's okay. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I can not also see here what I maintain good to an advanced direct safe private mate. Like feeling what do you need? Are you going to wait until I try to attempt systems? Are you going to do something else to prevent all of the problems? So I don't have to be tempted, but we need to make a change so that I can see it visibly immediately right now tonight. Silence Silence I'm going to twist, tell you what, I'm going to go to the side, then we twist. and there soon that I told you all the text message and you did something good or see if there is a seed I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. (clicking)SilenceSilenceSilence I'm trying to be a kid, I'm just going to try and cheer him in this, pull him in, and he's trying to say now his sense of wisdom. I guess I'll know. I don't even realize what is something even that I'm actually having a fact today. (sniffing) Yes, we're finishing. (sniffing) >> Think of the lots and things. >> That's an out here. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (gasps) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silence Mmm. Oh, oh, oh, oh.Piano musicMUSICSOUND (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHS Michael, are you good? a place. Maybe somebody showed me how to use them. That possible, little seriousness. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silenceno audio Silence Silence You know, it's been a while, but I'm not going to use the chips. Yeah, it's more the spoiler. I'm just going to test it out. I'm going to check out the chips again. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence (sighs) (sighs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (clears throat) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) What's the name of that? (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (indistinct) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clap) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound)silencesniffingsniffing (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (sniffing) (exhaling) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilence (gasps) (grunts) (grunts) (sighs) (grunts) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (laughs) (laughs) - I'm sorry, I don't know. (sighs) - I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. (laughs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (sighs) (door slams) (coughing) (door slams) (door slams) Oh, the face to face. Oh, what is this light incident?Birds chirpBirds chirpBirds chirp (sniffing) (sniffing) (groaning) (sighs) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (clicks) (clicking)SilenceSilenceSilenceCOUGH Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing)silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (groaning) (sniffing) (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence >>Inaudible Silence I'll... Hey! I'll send it to you. I'm about to start on the third house. I'll send it to you. I'll send it to you. I'm driving on the bridge. I'm on the bridge, I'm on the bridge, I'm on the bridge. I just have to sub-punch it and let's wait until I get some help, and I have to do them here and there.LaughterLaughterINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE If you don't realize this, I'll let you realize it. Eat. Eat. Eat. Eat. Eat. Yes, you're right, don't try to solve the problem.SighsSighs >> One, two, three. >> I have to come in. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) I'm going to be really serious, I'll see you in the next team.Scoffs I'm going to.Scoffs Just make it to the ESL Slap.ScoffsScoffsScoffsScoffsScoffsScoffs (clicking) (sighs) Hello? (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to turn it up for a sec, and I'm going to go in on the back this, and I'm going to turn it to a slab. Yeah, I'll take a place around here. Oh, no, it's easy. The room, the new battery is going to go down to the room. I'll turn it over. We'll be there in a little while, if you saw us we'd see that. We'll be there in a little while, if you saw us we'd see that. We'll be there in a little while, if you saw us we'd see that. We'll be there in a little while, if you saw us we'd see that. We'll be there in a little while, if you saw us we'd see that. We'll be there in a little while, if you saw us we'd see that. We'll be there in a little while, if you saw us we'd see that. We'll be there in a little while, if you saw us we'd see that. We'll be there in a little while, if you saw us we'd see that. We'll be there in a little while, if you saw us we'd see that. We'll be there in a little while, if you saw us we'd see that. >> You look blue so that I'm. >> I'll tell you that I'm blue so that I'm blue so that I'm. (sniffing) - Those, those, those, those, but you're a T cyber, oh, it's a bunch. (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, let's do What are you doing? What's the plan for it for now? Whether I run for right now I Go to let me go myself All right, go to fix my life so I don't have to right now tonight I think I heard you say that you're going to let me kill us. Correct. Okay. Think again. Think one minute, let's take. Think one minute, let's take. Okay. Okay. Okay. (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Silence >> Well, seconded, you need to see them, see them, see them. (door slams) - So, let's go there, Pepsi. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)typing soundsclicking soundsclicking soundsclicking soundsclicking sounds The solid Aluminance Available in London Available in London Available in London Available in London All right. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilenceinaudible and then it's out of the way. It needs self-published time to get it in all of the way. What I'll say is that it's a very good project. It's also a very good project.silencesilence Silence (clicking) Silence Silence I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this and I'm going to add a little bit more of this. So, this is a little bit of a problem, but I'm not sure if it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, but it's going to work, to go... (sighs) Brindman, yeah, he just stops. Somebody else can step in under the writing. 'Cause there's not really much I'd choice to make. There's a psychopath, an exotic... Or sexual pleasures in birthing other people. That's much more important to him than anything else. I'll do the writing, and the new stuff to be like. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE I'm just going to check my numbers out with the number.CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE What do you think?INAUDIBLE >> It's a thing. I love this role. >> What I was telling you, I'm not interested in it.MUSIC (door slams) (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (knocking on door) I'll just try to see if I can say something else, maybe, if so, and Christmas. to save the first step of the first step, maybe the next step. Save space.silencesilence Yeah, there's something else flying to the server in the world. So, I'll shoot those. Okay, I'm all a snout, it's really, I should have just snouted, but I don't have time so you don't have to say anything. I should sign in on tonight's off. That's the time. Exactly. To the moon.silence Yeah, some items. You just want to spoil it. That was the real information, you can put it in the scrolls who you are by time time. Let's see if it works. I'm going to use the scrolls. I'm going to use the scrolls. (sniffing) (exhaling) (exhaling) (sniffing)silence See you around first.silence I'm going to turn on the 12th next to the ceiling, and I'm going to turn it on to the ceiling. As it's in, I'm going to turn it on. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silencesilence So, we have a function that we have to have a function that we have to have a function the case, the house, or open, and I hope she's also glad to be here with you. I hope you're all so excited to see you. (click) (click) Just go away, go away, move this for your life, kind of go away, so somebody sees you go away and kills you. Yeah, come on. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Oh look, this is all right. (farting) (farting) (farting) (farting) (farting) (farting) (farting) (farting) (farting) (farting)silencesilencesilence I'm going to see a little talk between us. I'll come to do well To to very down to Tyrene Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much. So I was looking to help you with other people. to be satisfied with it. I'll see you later, but it's more pain-imposed. I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie. I'm not gonna lie.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I don't think it's around too much. I don't think it's around to your shoes or there's no one to talk. I don't think it's around too much or there's no one to talk.silencesilencesilence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) - That color. - Blue. (sniffing sound) - Blue. - I'm gonna say I'm not so lucky. - Blue. Okay, let's go. I call you. Be a shit sandwich. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.INAUDIBLE You don't still miss me, but I can hear you. You still miss me, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Oh good, I need to shoot all the deadness, but last on the bed you can't see where I could. Oh, I'm done marine, okay, like that. (sniffing) - Oh, what's this? - It's a tip, tip, tip, tip, tip. (sniffing) Stop being anxious, right to be a nice person. Just take a look.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE I'm not saying that's pain, but the worst is not spain, the worst is ugly, ugly people these pictures. >> That's what you'll be able to say, that you're all wrong. I can't do this, I don't know how can you still say this. This in your main holiness. We thought nothing was as possible dead air. Hopefully. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Shoot him on the side, huh, ugly, and you will know directly when you see him. Ugly part, and you will know what you are going to do. (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, really, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, even if somebody asks a question, I would still answer this. Let's say, saying somebody asks a question and then not providing the answer. So it looks nice. me think after a very long time later, that person calling me a question that I ask to see if it's not pushed just to put it in the house. It doesn't know, it's my face all people see. Don't know, it's questions, your questions are super, so I don't know that's where you know. Just find a way to push him and try to jump, blah, blah, blah, blah.SighsSighsSighs It's the dates. Why was this being depressed? Why didn't this be become depressed? I don't know that. That's better. I'm sorry.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't know if you know something about two things, it's showing. The day is the time. That is nice. The day will come after the night. But yeah. I was touching. I was touching.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'm going to go back to the day and take a look at the night and go back to the days for the night. Okay, so let's do the little... Hmm... What the... *sniff* Let's do the little guy. As they're always prone to false like shortcuts that they bring me so you really need to be very cautioned about this or an app safe so you can get false like shortcuts that parts seemingly quick air but we'll need it very soon so we'll be able to make it quick six. Yeah I'm sorry That's why I cannot count on you. I did not cut this Oh, I'm sorry You You Shhh *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *sad music* *s *sad music*inaudible Yeah, that's a little bit... You know what else it's... *sniffing* *sniffing* No, it's not because you're mean, you're malicious, you're just ugly, just feel it, you get too weak, you just wait there looking to find an opportunity to repay me. Maybe I just over over some night, but I'm not going to say anything. I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm So why not see what I'm seeing in your big faces? Why? Why these fake voices? Why these come from our cushions all over the house? Let me voice. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Well, you want a phone call? Well, you want a phone call? You want a phone call? Well, I don't, maybe. Little bit of my territory. Close to the start of it always smooth.SighsSighs Thank you very much. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) was interesting. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Oh, I have 4 boxes of iron ore, some of it, I just have a little bit of it, you can check what's in the box with all I just do in the normal doors, and the weak longer clips we love to clear so I just wish you some more of this, I just wish you had a take to watch with it, they will all be good. (sniffing) and then let's just flip it, see, back thing, then... and then let's flip it, and all that's it, and let's... Another toy for you to play this, to the right thing.SIGHSsilence Don't send the message here.silencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (bell dings) (humming) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE It looks like it's stuck in the frame. Pulling it on the position is not. Pulling it on the position is not. Pulling it on the position is not. Pulling it on the position is not. Pulling it on the position is not. (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs >> Well, I do the new article which is sort of the-- Yeah, Murray's not interested in like the level of the potionary, but there's a postup monster somewhere on it, 10, which points to the coolant. A longer article, "Fool Original, Earth Aware, Witches and Tides, It's a Light Handler, so there are bushes that sell everything to commit suicide." That's a very different title for me, stories of some of this. Just some lives.silencesilence I have to connect to Jesus. Alright, we will go for good intentions. That's the people. I don't know what else to get you because I have to be good at evil. There are good people. I have to leave people. I was just amazed by how I lied to you. actually friendly nice people. - So, hello. - Oh, I'm sorry. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know if I can go or not. I don't know, they were callin' if I asked. I remember. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) It's just a nice thing to do. We know it's ridiculous if I'm on the "I" We felt that "I" That "I" Yeah, on the "I", that's just bad news I'm not sure if I can do this. I'm not sure if I can do this. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) What is your trope? It is the final attack, right? What are you trying to do? Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (sniffing)inaudible a brain-meaning thing that is hard to even at the end of the line, would be open too much. A beautiful handshake and you take it over with your delicious stuff, fake, fake, fake all you got is to see you, to see you, to see you, to see if everybody would then show us some good intentions because I don't have bad intentions. You'll be using my good intentions to a somebody I know or don't know this. Down the sleeve and then hide your intentions once. Okay, hello. Do I have a little thing for the most civilized? Thank you. horrible, don't be so fake, don't be so mean don't be so fake, don't be so mean don't be so mean >> Why don't you just go. I'm going to put it in. Let's put it on the lock.INAUDIBLE So, that's right, the connection doesn't have a, but you know, so whatever it is, it doesn't have a chance. 17 more hours, we'll wrap it up and make sure that it's fine, your head. We'll spot all these around here and here. You should stop until the end. That 15 suicide times because of this 15 more or less, three this year the other ones are from a pre-suicide here. What? Do you want me to prove that I cannot attempt suicide or that I can't attempt suicide when you want to put it? You'll see if it fails again or that for the final and last time it succeeds. You can't do it. (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) He said no, he's sort of... *clap* *clap* *clap* *clap* *clap* *clap* *clap* *clap* *clap* (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't have that much of a job. I don't have that much of a job. Oh, that's a good job. Oh, that's a good job. Is that it? Yeah, you know this. Well, I don't know how to call it. The wheels for me to do it. I don't have any boys for it. I don't know how to call it. In the long as I'm a crystal of this England is your niche. The Nish.MusicFOREIGNFOREIGN Well, it needs a little less time to make some changes in the material, and probably more time to get the upper and lower parts.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible people I love, people I care about, people I care about me because of your shenanigans and normally you were that because of your inhumane stupidities and your empty heads and your human circle whatever thumbs up is because the power you have, you don't even use, just I took this from someone else, no I can't do this, but I have no clue why. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. (clock ticking) - Let's move on to the next house. (clock ticking) (clock ticking) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing)silence Nothing, let's just...silence I'm going to get to the other side so that back on top of that will be there but well there will be there but I'm going to get to the other side. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll see you in a little while.SighsSighssilencesilenceINAUDIBLESighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Silence Yeah, it's popular, though, yeah. No, no. I think it was in the glasses. It was enough, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anything else, we didn't see anythingsniffing and the . (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I need some, now you know it's going to be too boring, nothing but a lot of other people, and I will miss a, a lot of, a little bit of work. Yes, exactly, that's a good translation thing, thank you for the talk, you just use me on a thick amp.Pause Let me and whenever you're pleased, to the paint. How can I then talk about this? So, this I can see the absurdity and it's treated as a joke for now. It will turn to be becoming totally traumatized and let me get anything about it and see if that is all that ever happened, like 3 years ago.SighSighsilencesilencesilence Because of the way you start to say your sense of an intonation that is just slavery all over us. Say something like a novel for us. So, thing which we will respect, or just respect maybe, this one, it. It looks like making me remember stuff that were different, or the other center and all that, So the basic, very basic. So I call this the "Metlection Method" and I like one of the ones from the very early days, and you know, get out of the dialect, I guess, because the other sort of... *Sigh* Well, that could be how we call it, yes.silence *sigh* Could say something and... ...put up horse with clothes. Alright, we'll have a bit of a blonde to get some rest of. You know, we're staring at what you want to mean differently in your... ...in your Carthal language. Our views to...inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Okay, I'm going to keep you in mind. Oh, I just noticed that there are two places. (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE You might have just to say something. No, it's not that you must have it. When you did not know what exists or what's born. You're just in this, and this, and this, and this will happen again because of the switch. Yeah, that's something that's actually more I'm suiting to my shirt. (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) - No, it's something else. I didn't need you to say it, except I don't know what you're going to need to say. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much.XBOX SOUND It's hard to say that you have to have a sort of surrounded, but not really quite what you need to say and funny, you know, you go with it. But you wanted to say that, "Support might think I'm going to my theory anyway." But it's people in a sort of conflict situation or in a people's mind. different views from the same together in TAPT to talk it out so I speak. So yeah, my think is just a nice computer. When things get out of hand, interventions need to happen and that is supposed to be where you abuse or replace works. That was what you said, and up for not to become these corrupts with part of us in humanely treating others, really for no good reason. Okay, I'll put it in the book.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I subject myself to this, whoa, this kind of held my cage for sure, how are you able to distort reality, to say this, can you say it again? Just to get a bit more input on all you feelin' you say this. You still need three voices to say it.silence If I had not thought I would really subject myself to abuse, absolutely not. If I had not thought I would really subject myself to abuse, I would really subject myself to abuse. I know, that's what boys fight like once. He wants his victims to be abused by him. Of course, no, no, never, never, never, never. (sniffing) Silence Well, you just have to kill myself, but I think you'll greatly feel it, just really, really, really. A who? I like to do myself, though. You will give me that, don't you? That, I bet.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) to turn up how to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones, to shoot a million drones,inaudible Yeah, just a moment.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Okay, this is where I'm going to leave it out for you to know if you can find something of yourself that can you. I'm also going to remember what you forgot. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Now I will now show you the scroll. We will shift to the new scroll. Now I will shift to the new scroll. (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing)silencesilencesilence I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what is going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here, I don't know what's going on here (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence So, I have told you that especially as to today.silence Pause Pausesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Now they ignore you, you know this, the well-wark for the speaking of a dashed-up. In the grocery store, it's for the remaining trash, the rest there, that's really it, that's looks. There's no existence, there's no existence, so I'm writing this. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to get to pay a good price for this. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You want to do it the last time? What? It's 30/20. It's 30/20. That's probably why I'm not a video of it, I'm a video of it. That's the thing I'm watching. I'm watching the video of it. I'm watching the video of it. I'm watching the video of it. I'm watching the video of it. I'm watching the video of it. I'm watching the video of it. I'm watching the video of it. I'm watching the video of it. Hey, Kiseneen. To the old city band, I came to watch the people's. Thanks for watching. and you cover the other end of the new panel. I don't want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I want to be in the hospital, I and we'll know, I'll love it, and we'll see that in a little bit.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesnifflessnifflesSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs So the need to use a little bit of a little bit. I think that these things that I make tell me also it's on the content of my screen. I don't know what they want to figure out, because I'm a coser, I don't know. We will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will end up, we will I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. *Sings in a foreign language* *Sings in a foreign language* *Sings in a foreign language* *Sings in a foreign language* *Sings in a foreign language* *Sings in a foreign language* *Sings in a foreign language* *Sings in a foreign language* *Sings in a foreign language* *Sings in a foreign language* *Sings in a foreign language* Thank you, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) Okay, you may get a second try. (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. Pedal Good luck first then we'll have a faster route when we get to the north You You You You YouINAUDIBLE (sniffing) >> I don't know. No, the physical world. So really have been enough, and I know, what the other player told me about the game.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm sleeping flying to help me out, but my heart's good boys and it becomes a, I can have a discussion about it. Well, I forget to sit for a minute, he's starting to, you're starting to joke, they're going there, it's actually helping the trauma. (sniffing) Pretty well. That's a complicated lesson. (sniffing) So, do something that makes. Do something real.SIGHSNOISE I think it's nice and also nice, I don't know if I can slide it off. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. (sniffing) Well, now I'll say. (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You can't prove that much, so that's a dead actually. Anyway, go away, please, let me go. Nice versions. Imagine yourself. of the child in the most nasty part of the child. So, I didn't know there's so many of them. No. No. I don't know what I'm going to do in a minute. I don't know. But I guess I'll set you up, children. Four or five years old, playing. Sorry.no speech detectedno speech detected (door slams) - Stop! - Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah - Blah, blah, blah, blah. (sniffing) Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. That's a fix. (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detected (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighs)no audioinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I do know that you will do a future.inaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence And it's a good call, but since we're going to be in the next level, we're going to be because it's still a little... I don't know what that is. I'm just going to start this time here. I'm going to leave it to you. I'm going to leave it to you. I don't know, you know, you don't press the red. It's a tall, loose shit, and you can't feel it, you know. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I'm not here to listen to you. You can go to the bathroom and see if you can see it. You can see it. You can see it. You can see it. Okay, any couple of them. Good, good. Okay. When you have endless Malaltrow in the small bridge, you can never destroy things, you can only create. Because if you don't create it... do nothing but in this amount of time you cannot destroy anything you can do anything you want to do it you you (speaking in foreign language) I totally don't think I'm going to be able to enter the floor of your beaters and not the beaters, and then off your beaters, I'll start with the wand.clicking soundsniffing sound I can't even treat you anything you say to your girl. What have you been doing on top? Why did nobody even try it? I'm gonna show at least what you mean by starting on the top. Thanks for watching! I don't know what kind of impersonation I'm just saying. Like I said, I don't know what you're saying. I'm not going to say that you can't work with me. I can sense it, really. I have it lost somewhere, I'm pretty out there, so I'll see. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh please use your in-ground story well for your cats and dogs and boys go away. I'm the expert use instead of people's silver planks. Oh boy, oh my god. (sniffing) (sniffing) (imitating dog barking)INAUDIBLEClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickinginaudible I felt something, preaching, eventually reaching Ye-E, verse 1-1.MusicMusicMusic And then we'll start with you guys. Oh no, man. That is the new song that started in the beginning. Yeah, look at it. We're doing a transport to you just in my last summer. Best for the first time ever. You see, Corona. I'm not sexy here for that. It's much more... I agree it's a bit much. I'll turn that guy around. Shilden and I'm done with everything there, but any, bye-bye! Thank you! Bye-bye! Bye-bye! Bye-bye!SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs What did you like? Let me show you one. Oh wait. You just want to keep blah blah blah. I'm not going to say it. Don't do it. You know, film seats, back row, uh, for all these surround shits. Cool, wait. I'll open it. This is... Okay, you know?sighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) - Oh. - Mm. - Oh, that's the last one. - That's the last one. - Oh, that's the last one.inaudible Now I put this on the other side. Once you've mastered Corporate Entals, you have the power of open Entals. Just let it hurt us, and it just hurts us. (sniffing) Shh, let's see, that's a little bit of a speed. (sniffing) So, oh, that's a little bit of a speed. But if you could, it just can't, and that's...silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I know where you're going but you're hearing something. I'm going to get hurt while I'm running. Probably you just don't talk to me. (sniffing) Guess. Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Oh! Go away. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) - Well, there's no reason to sail. but I actually will see how the opposite if there's someone who uses but I don't want you to know but not really but all the rest of the time (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorrySighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Alright, see you guys. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) To guess how it's messed up. They were not as tough. Police were not messed up. Coming at you all right, and it's...SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs - See you. - Thanks. (phone ringing) (phone ringing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceclicking (door slams)no audiono audiono audio I'm pretty excited to see. You can also sit next to a pseudonym. This is how all the darkest of us will get a very certain if only you sit next to it. Then you can check (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Yeah, sure, forgive me. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSighsSighsSighs It's a time I'm a cop. I'm a kid, you've got the next cop to us. I've got this sort of line of...MUSIC So, the phone is here, it can call me. I'll read it later. I can't read it yet. I need another thing, sir. Only that's enough in the pounds. Go where boys, you're a bit... If you kill a few, then people will also need one of you, so click "Signition", and that's very hard, it's been out of the crew, you know, it's happened. The crew will rush on the rush. just really ugly. There's no contribute in this. Any dog is doing this. I'm sorry. I don't know what else it's going to do. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll try to become a mute if you're worried about this. I'm just going to start thinking you're going to be having two simple things on it.silencesilence I'll see you guys in the next video.Music I didn't just saw you just saw yourself. That door is open, I just... It forced me to... Well, I have to come to work this morning. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't know if I didn't want to get in there.silencesilence (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Inaudible Remark I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going to leave it to you, I'm going I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going to be in here and I'm going I'm sure that's not true. (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) I don't know what you're talking about. So let's get on with the next video, yeah? It was a... What's up? So... Yeah, I have a deal boost for all of the insplitent and concept of actions.sighsclicks tongueclicks tongueclicks tongue Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (sighs)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'll have to do it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) And I don't think it was okay with other than warriors. I'm asking you to read. I'm not going to lie. Do it. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll see you next time. Thank you very much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceinaudiblesilence I think you want to go to the next day, but it's slowly going ahead for this book. It's a bit too late to hold it on to it. Shit. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I Shit. Go go.silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible How much do we live on back to all that stuff? Well, we have to do it for a long time, so you are all welcome to the show here. But, is it possible to do it again? No, no, no. It's possible to do it again, of course. But it's possible to do it again, you are all welcome to the show here.MusicMusicSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I need it in plus alt to work. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.Music Didn't this succeed? All of them? This is how I painted all of them.Music All right. Just filled in any key buttons.Music And so, I'll do all of these songs. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Now, I'm going to open it up, and then I'm going to open it up, and I'm going to open it up. (coughing) Oh no, no. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I'll do it in your seat, by the way. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHS (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (snaps) (snaps) Okay. (snaps) (snaps) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh, it is a new agent. It's a new agent. It's a new agent. 47, born in 1976. I'm just sitting. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know how to do that, it's a waste of time. But yes, it's a waste of time. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Pause (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silence (claps) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)SOUNDINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE And what about?INAUDIBLE I'm going to do something that I don't think I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to shoot and kill this boys and I'm going to get those and there's the cover so you don't have to wear it. You guys buy in that shoot and it does go. We'll see you guys in real, nothing in that.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going (crashing noise) (crashing noise) (crashing noise) (crashing noise) (crashing noise) (crashing noise) (crashing noise) (crashing noise) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected and (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING Silence (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE How did you--INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Music Speaking in foreign language Singing in foreign language >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible the . (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause (sniffing) So, I'm going to do a little bit of the story of a concierge sister. So that's how I come here to see the video. I'm going to have a little bit more practice here. I'm going to have a little bit more practice here. I'm going to have a little bit more practice here. I'm going to have a little bit more practice here. I'm going to have a little bit more practice here. I'm going to have a little bit more practice here. So that's how I see the video. So.silencesilenceMusic Yeah, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Is that normal? I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going I'm not gonna roll this tennis. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK (sniffing) Silence (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. >> So all of a sudden, Also, my oldest. I have cleared the woods. We really didn't think it was going to happen. Let's go. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.CryingCryingCryingCrying The day is over. Let me see if you can see it.MusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Oh, I don't know what it is, but it's a good thing. I don't know what it is, but it's a good thing. I don't know what it is, but it's a good thing. I don't know what it is, but it's a good thing. I don't know what it is, but it's a good thing. I don't know what it is, but it's a good thing.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (cow mooing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pausesilencesilencesilence So, I'll see you in the next video, bye bye. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs)sighssighsspeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagesighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) There's that bad news, I don't know.silencesilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilencespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languageMusicMusicSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilence It's really great to be able to learn those things, as well, but knowledge, sneezing, and a cup of coffee for us. (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicsilencesnifflessniffles (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Uh-oh. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking foreign language)sniff Open the door.sniffsniffsniffsniffSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I don't want to do it until it's too slow. that's all, let's just do one more, let's do it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Stay in those new videos, don't forget to like, comment and subscribe to the channel. (sniffing) - Close your eyes. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking)INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la (sniffing) Hard ball, hard ball, I'm fissured. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)CLICK (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) Okay. Thanks. Hmm. Hmm. (sniffing)silencesilencesilence I think that all of our video will be respected for what I see right now, what I see right now is that I can see it all. I don't see it all. You also can see what I see right now. This is a third. The real power emigrant. For all of you, the real power emigrant. from the dogs to the other side of the house. I think so. I'll give you a kiss. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorryINAUDIBLE little too fake all over the place fake all over the placesniff SilenceFOREIGN Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusic I don't know, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't know what's in my mind, I don't knowsilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilence I'm just not really sure.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (Sighs) What can I touch just as I am? (Sighs) What can I say? (Sighs) (Sighs) Oh, the yellow is in place. (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs)silenceinaudible Thanks for your time. Thanks for your time. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Bye bye. Bye. Bye.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible That's right, let's check them out and let's check them out. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So I'm going to help you out with that software click on that, it's going to be a bit Yeah. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh, well. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) That one was like the thing, it was like the thing in the lyrics, and then, we're going to get that simple, just like the...sniff (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SOUND >> I don't want this.PantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingSighsSighs Pause >> Sure. Pausesilence All right, let's start. (clicking sound)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm not allowed to get out of here. I'm not allowed to get out of here. I'm not allowed to get out of here. I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to go in and see if I can do it. I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to show him in a bit later and I'm going to show him in a bit later and then I'm going to go in and see if I can do it. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I know it's on the, you know it's, well, I expect that. I'm just gonna close my eyes, a little more. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix, mix See you in the next one, David. Two of us, one.MusicMusic So I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was about to run out of ammo, I was (sniffing) - I can not move, sir. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) What the hell is going on, sir? Welcome. What would you like to do, sir? That won't deal with. Oh, let me post this fake. Oh, it's new that far I'm doing. Oh, it is. Boobies the guard. Boobies funny like I like. Boobies the guard. Boobies the guard. Boobies the guard. Boobies the guard. Boobies the guard. Boobies the guard. Boobies the guard. Boobies the guard. Boobies the guard. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sighing) - It's all too bad. It's all the same though. (sighing) (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)sighssnifflessniffles (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Silence and I'm busy to see more of the bomb I'm going to get about it. Not to mention. If you're not a gay, should we? Well, there's something for something. (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause PauseMUSIC It's all over.silencesilence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence They'll commute to the battalion of the NISIS.Music So, I'll talk to you in the next one. Thank you very much.silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, that's it.MusicMusicMusic objective is a lot of thoughts into some of the excuses we used to shoot it down the game is not as easy as it should have to be, but that is not really it. We are sure we accepted with those. We always find it right. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Is that cool in there? I think I should think about it.Silence And I'm just going to lie here, I don't know. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Oh, no, that's not what we're going to be doing with the last time we're going to be doing.inaudibleinaudible That's what we're going to be doing with the last time we're going to be doing. You know what we are in? You'll be asking me. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceclicks So all that's just a few minutes, I just almost took that link up, that's a lot of (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC I'll see you guys tomorrow, man, who's lots of some of the top news. Good to meet you all tonight. Yeah. Good to see you tomorrow, man.INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. (clicking) - Oh man, what's up? (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) Nothing anymore. (sniffing) Yeah, we'll try to put it in one more. (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudiblesilence Pause (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> I'll have to go to the dentist. (knocking on door) But that doesn't look too much secure, just a little bit more secure, for a first supply I'm going to kill him. Say I'm here elsewhere. (sniffing)silencesnifflessighssnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessniffles I'm going to do a little bit more of that. Sorry. What is that? We're going to check out the old test.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsMusicMusic I'm not over at the link. We'll be all the more boys coming in and we're all the boys. Silence >> Yeah, the group was about 12, 14 and a half years ago. So, next, next, next, so roughly, I don't want to do anything, I just need to do some breathing and then I just need to do some breathing I don't think I'm doing it right now I'm going to do it so maybe it's going to work (sniff) (sniff) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence SilenceSIGHSsilence Here's the thought.silence Silence Silence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and I'll be back in a little while.silenceclicksinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencespeaking in foreign languageINAUDIBLE So, I'm moving on.PausePausePausePausePause I'm going to test them, I'll see those back later, but we'll be back with another group. I'm thinking what came of that, I can't say that. I'm going to do the last piece of my head on that side. I'm going to do the same on the other side. I'm going to do the next one. I'm going to do the last one. You're good enough. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. So you know what that means?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll do the book of the end of it. Shh, what is the end of the soup? I'll have another one with a construction soup. I'll do the book of the end of it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause I don't know if it's the link in the description, but it might be a minute or two, but I'll go ahead and put it all together. I'll go ahead and put it all together.silencesilencesilence (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) Yeah, I was just a person who didn't suppose to do anything. It took us to New York, to Marlena, where we were. It was all open in Marlena. But that's what we were trying to do. To be right. That's where I want to be treated, as the case in the last two years, I'm not going to be treated. I want to tell you that we can never go out with nobody. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) *sniff* *sniff* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* *inaudible* to the points. New watch that we let them make contouring, we have to make a couple of contouring. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. I don't know if you can see it.SighsSighsSighsSighs I'm going to put it in the middle of it and I'm going to do something about it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHS Do you want to kill the most of them? Please respect for them. We will be there. We will try to be there today. Kill her. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Pause Pull the very creative way up and on the floor, police. of the universe works, which is also an access to it of cells, births of a pieceback, which is a pieceback, which is also an access to it of cells, births of cells, births of a pieceback, I don't know if you can tell me what I'm doing right now, but I don't know where I'm going to be right now. I don't know where I'm going to be right now, but I don't know where I'm going to be right now, but I don't know where I'm going to be right now. I think that the people who have to work in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been in the same way as the people who have been I'm also in the toxic weapon game. I'm in the organization of the lights and I'm in the sleep on a shark. I'm also in the money I have to make. It's a total human spirit. I can go on to fall. I don't think I will be in the open years like this. I'm going to fall in love with you. I'm going to fall in love with you. I'm going to fall in love with you. I'm going to fall in love with you. I'm going to fall in love with you. I'm going to fall in love with you. I'm going to fall in love with you. I'm going to fall in love with you. Work was a very creative and you want to learn how to write the book of that idea called this. Yes, I'm going to. I was ranked marked, not at all, so I'm going to do that while I was. I'm going to do a match. Another one was from Spaniard World, so I'm going to do a week. I'm going to do a new game, so I can do a 3-3-3-3-3-3-3-4. I'm going to do a 3-3-3-3-3-3-3-4.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silence Mix.silence by the abuse 24/7 to have a next week's mark. Finna sale, all our capacity is nix. I leave my leave by our couples in the moped goods. On mezalf, where they have musn't spread. Respect from their leave, but very good. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence You can play this bluff poker on your own if that is what you want, if it's all just a game. The casualty is victim suffering and dying, if that is all it's about to happen. for all of you that you don't need me or anything else. If you don't, with your stupid retarded left poker then you should give me a call now. works for communication, real communication, there is not over this stupidity that has just become. A communication channel that only contains distrust, deceit, lies. Nothing on which you can really build.MUSICXBOX SOUND This requires actions now, so even if you don't take a connection, you're still taking it by your inaction. Decide now, right now. Ask to stop now, and if the bruise is your ego, well, get used to help more bruise. More bruise. Thank you for watching. Silencesighssniffssniffssniffssniffssniffs