[00:00:01.40] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Just try to be nice.silenceinaudiblesilence And if you, when you only call or something, then you can only, you only need for something. Silence Inaudible Remark Silence (sighs) (sighs) People in the works, we're in here too. (sighs) People in the works, we're in here too. (sighs) People in the works, we're in here too. (sighs) We should not be put in jail. (sighs) We should just be put in jail. (sighs) Shut up and science.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay, that's no longer. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) That sounds different. There you are. All this sort of reasons. Like a cop toy.PausePausePausePausePausePause Well, on the other side, if this becomes so, I'm only... ...and if anything's going on, then at least now I'll be able to... ...state, piston, polish, and I'll be able to... ...pull this, because I'll be pulling my saw off, and most importantly, all girls that terrible in years, my soul, and it makes me wonder what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, and the rest are known. and then go away to the center sink. That's interesting. You Youinaudibleinaudible I'll be corrected in lesson in also in any day from here and that's it till we're going to have a little bit of a group to do more safety out of it. for the non-metrics. and then we'll be following the show. We'll be going towards it. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silence Silence I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going to do a little bit more of this, I'm going I don't know if I can help you, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me, I don't know if you can help me Well, I don't need a tag for that. Okay, actually, I'm not going to. I don't know how the A-style is supposed to be. What's for being apples like we're doing the most such a key, so you can take a key and connect it in here and use it so you can do that.inaudibleinaudible Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm sure you're willing to please.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEsilencesilence Silence Silence Change.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language)Buzzing sound Yeah, we're up and still on the monitor. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I've been listening to the cool story of the movie "Storm of X". Now we're coming to the bank. Pause Pause Yeah, it's the balance of the solution, yeah, I won't explain it further.MusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMUSIC You know touch it all the more, touch it all the more, touch it all the more, touch it all the more. (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) Silence SilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSilenceSilencesilencesilence Pause Pause Well, yeah, I'm sitting down. I'm going to switch to something. It's a bit of a silly thing. I'm going to switch to something.silence Same thing. Silence Silence Thank you. I'm gonna zoom in a little bit. I'm gonna zoom in a little bit. A little bit on the bar. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I think I'm going to sit there and make a tunnel and then install it, so I was having a lot of fun with the tunnel, so I was having a lot of fun with the tunnel, so I was having I don't think that the normal needs so much, I don't know what that means but it really actually not so normal. I don't know what that means. But here I am. So this is life. I don't know what that means. I don't know what that means.INAUDIBLE Let's restart here. Oh, this is a good one. I didn't get to sit in the room. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (mouse clicking) just go around the middle of the middle. So, I'm going to go around the middle of the middle. So, I'm going to go around the middle of the middle. So, I'm going to go around the middle of the middle. So, I'm going to go around the middle of the middle. So, I'm going to go around the middle of the middle. So, I'm going to go around the middle. So, I'm going to go around the middle. So, I'm going to go around the middle. So, I'm going to go around the middle. So, I'm going to go around the middle. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh that thing is the other person that made me, okay, I need to get them, I need to start with a lot of names, they toward them. I need to be reading as the rest of the animals, and then condominium, and so on and so on. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) That's what's all about. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEsilence I'm serious. Well, boy, you need more pressure, but... It's almost over, but more than one second, I'm... ...pfft. Can you just roll cake? *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff*SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsXBOX SOUNDinaudible I didn't even want to know what to do. I'm just gonna have to tell you what I'm doing. I'm just gonna have to tell you what I'm doing. (Sighs) (Sighs) I have to do it like this, okay? It's a little normal, huh? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. Can't you go, can't you go, can't you go, can't you go, can't you go, can't you go? And they just still have a way to not need to know what to do. They can probably... ...must have to know what to do to us. We'll probably have an exhaust. Or else... ...that's a bit of a bit of a resistance. You are not going to be able to do that. (sniffing) - Yeah. - I had a lot of ideas about it. (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence >> The details. all the blood flow to the tissues. I'm competing with the challenge in the Civil War and the Civil War. I'm competing with the challenge in the Civil War. I'm competing with the challenge in the Civil War. I'm competing with the challenge in the Civil War. I'm competing with the challenge in the Civil War.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence >> It's a new year's year, and it's a new year. So, the moment is done, don't stay. There you are. I'm all done. I'm all done. (sniffing)INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudible I don't want to be gone forever, you know. I'm sorry. I don't want to be gone forever. I don't want to be gone forever. I don't want to be gone forever. I don't want to be gone forever. I don't want to be gone forever. I don't want to be gone forever. I don't want to be gone forever.inaudible just in the line, and with that, we'll wait a minute, and I'll give it a minute. The inch. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to use a little bit of water to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier for me to make it easier forinaudiblesilencesighs Thank you very much. Well, I'm here, I'm starting to do a deep build again, okay, well, I'm going to go in, and I'll put my papers on here, and I'm not going to make any fault this way, and I'm going to upgrade my trust collectors. I'm going to shift you down a bit to a bottle, so I'm going to do a little bit of work. I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencedoor slamsdoor slamssilence So, I'm going to do the best to avoid the problem of that set on the 4L set, and do the I was doing my 12th house in fact, I did a nice job. I'll see you in the next video. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. If you're looking at such a massive couldnola or... ...couldn't it open or... ...mash in your normal life? ...couldn't it open?silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsinaudiblesilencesilenceinaudibleMUSIC I'm not going to add zero. I'm going to add another one. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go on with the league fair, let's go And then this... Have a one day baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on Have a one day baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on the baking on Background Sounds Background Sounds >> Another way to make sure it's your -- Background Soundssilencesniffsilence I'm going to make sure that I'm supposed to do this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll keep knowing I feel more keen. Okay.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence SilencePauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to continue standing here. I'll take care of him now. I have to reveal the deal to my big friends. Oops, I need a young same-year-old girl. I'll be here a little bit more. Oops. I'll reveal the deal. Come on, you don't take it.silence Sure.silence Very easy.silence I don't know what to do.silenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Tell us, sir, can I make a word for it and I'll come back for it. Good, right?PausePausePausePausePause I'm going to put it in here instead, and I'm going to let you know that it's something that I'm going to miss. I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here normally, and I'm just going to put it on the stump. (laughs) (laughs) Okay. I think this is what I'm doing, I don't know. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence and other options. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Silence Silencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence SilencePause Thank you. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Oh.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE For more time... Love and gratitude. Love and gratitude.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other side of the screen, and I'm going to be on the other sideinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Keep up with the technique, only one more club to load. The club to load. Pause Pause Silence SilenceSings in foreign language Wow. Silence Silence Let's go from here. So. You Yousilenceclickclicksilenceclickclickclickclickclickclick (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I have to go there and hit him there, he looks brilliant, really good, but the option you're not going to do it in a clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean,no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) Writing on BoardINAUDIBLE So, I'm going to tell you that I don't want to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom, and then I'm going to put a towel on my face, so that I can wipe it off. Check out the whole video. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Okay, I'll make a video, so I'm going to mark it, and I'll turn it on to the end of it. We'll see if it's a problem, and I'm just going to system it into a new one, and then we'll come to system to the next one. I don't know, I can't just listen. I'm going to take the one you know, I'm going to have to go to catch you. I'm going to bang it in there. I'm going to do that in the corners. There's Alice. (door slams) (door slams)SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Thank you. Silence Inaudible Remark - Thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) Thank you for watching and I will see you in the next video. I'm just going to find the options I've supposed to put in the middle of the screen. Sorry. You can see the instructions. You know, do you know where it's? Could have something to do. You know, there's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a call back. So, you don't have to worry about any of this. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I love you, Nick. because the same one is said along this wall if just a name in that and then a about thinking with the stupe thing you will not use a small bit of kind where you think you will just (sighs) (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> Well now, Sennaz.Music Thank you, thank you. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) So...inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible If I didn't know, I'm going to have to go back to my room.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusic It's terrible, it's annoying. It's not funny, it's just me. It's not funny at all, it's... I don't know. I can't believe I've seen a girl I love and I'll look at her and I'm ashamed of her. Music The children's hands are covered in dust. The children's ears are covered in dust. The children's hands are covered in dust. The children's hands are covered in dust.MUSICPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseSighsSighsSighs Okay.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs >> Yeah, yeah. >> We've also something to do. Pause Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudiblesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence And I'll sense more.INAUDIBLE Now I will be in condition very much by accident. You You You You That's the spirit of your time for the film.silencesilence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. and then she grits and can do a lot of things to do with my mentality and I just need to see them. I'm trying to stay there. I'm trying to stay there. I'm trying to stay there. I'm trying to stay there. Silence Silence You will take a step that will go on the ground, the ground, the ground, the ground, Cruelty users. If they normally prep again, maybe someone had generated stuff and stuff and you would take news, information or friend of those, but essentially false code prep or dumb dumb misstilts. to the incident and to the logic. of all media channels. Do not let people else depend. It is a great of all media channels. Thank you very much.no speech detected Silence Silence (sniffing) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilence Whatever the number of humans and have the hardware for television and so on. You'll listen and run.silencesilence Is it possible for the things that we've tried to do with the smaller things that we've Silence So why do you mess it up again and again boys and cut them? Say what you need to say and say what you want to want to step everything. You want a lift? What do you want to do? You want to lift? (sniffing) So, there's not like any of that, but they can give you that would make you stop messing up such conversation as this.silencesniffingsilencesilence I'm still in a line that I'm reading that you all may have to continue to We use that 13 and punish for fire there.silence Silence Silencesilence Oh yes, the moment I'll say something like this and everything starts to be a new definition and then something like that. So, as long as you don't search for any kind of cognitive or new system, serious conversation with those cities, you know, whatever you want to put on, you find it's a strong commitment. Or anything, they keep on the CVM, not keeping on the trust Thank you. I don't know, I mean, out of the old, anything out of the old, I can say okay, let's miscalculate now this, since we found it, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, just, but, and these things, and then you're only parallel to this, oh, one, can we keep going down the way with this?silencesilencesniffsilencesilence Well, I certainly have moved on to our free agent and find the latest clips of Illinivating corruption. another warning sign does us a button you can watch you you you you I don't know if you can do anything to me or not. I don't know if you can do whatever you want to do. You are a sample to have enough knowledge for beer, inner reality, whether it's a little more extreme or not, and also, it's a bit hard to see what I best would say. balance and shape. I wish you all the perspectives of the cake and the downturn which we do know about is from the musical. You're shouting in the dark, you're calling. We'll just send out your samples. (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and then we can expect a lot more content. I still have a little bit of sleep in the good night. I will also tell our heroes. They are all very approachable. I feel like I'm in my sink and I have a personal name right now. It's been a long time since I've never been in my life. You know what I'm doing right now? You know I'm not on time, I'm on the menu. I'm on my off-factor name. You know I'm on the menu. I'm on the menu. I'm on the menu. I'm on the menu. I'm on the menu. I'm on the menu. I'm on the menu. I'm on the menu. It's not. So it might be a new song. Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know what you're going to do, I'm just going to do it. You can do it.silenceinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence >> Yeah, that was a million to ten. Yeah, I was going to dive on the ceiling, you know what I mean. Yeah, yeah, yeah.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING >> Just hear our searchin'. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Don't you? And the other is just a bit... ...but it comes in... ...but it comes in... ...but it comes in... ...but it comes in... andMusicMUSIC Music Silence Silence I think the nishful man, the agnastiful man, the risen, the views of the agron, the great of the smart of it, called nishvredevon, I don't detect them, they fake, they're with pillor. Named Stolpedits.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs >> One of the shits in it. I'm going to use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and I'm going to use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then I'll use that one, and then So, on this... This... So, I don't want to be trapped anymore. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> The worst, the sister. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)INAUDIBLEinaudible And while I wait, I don't think I can say that it means. andMusic So, I don't know where it's up to you, but it seems to see me, and it strikes the hell of mine, and then down to that corner. Next to that.silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (whispering) Nice job. (sniffing) (sniffing)silencemimics soundsighsfootstepsfootsteps Silence Silence Music Singing in foreign languageMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh my God, fix it. to battle, so many of that, that's real, from the interest of pears, from the interest of men, and that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said, that's all I said to the interest of men, to the interest of men, to the interest of men, to the interest of men, ♪ You go through the city with me on a hot side ♪ ♪ You're so gentle, so warm and cold and you get it ♪ ♪ You're so sweet and you get it right, you're good and good and good ♪ ♪ You're fine, it's you're fine ♪ Music Music Music ♪ And when I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I was a child, I Music Music Music Background Soundsno audio (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (clicking sound) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) >> Can you hear it? So, you don't. Stay at this. (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Closed your mouth. I'm going to take those re-sources. I'm going to take those re-sources. I'm going to take those re-sources.door opensdoor opensdoor opensdoor opensdoor opensdoor opensdoor opensdoor opens >> I'll get you a stone. You sit at the next one. You know, one of the topics. You know, you sit at the next one. I'm going to add a little bit. I'm going to start to do that. I'm going to start to do that. I'm going to start to do that.Music What could be your day now?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking) I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going I don't know where I'm going, what if I'm listening to this? Do you buy any help? I don't know what I'm saying, what if I'm talking to you? I'm talking about some extra farming land. I'm talking to you, what if I'm talking to you? This is not very done, you may not be able to come in, and you took so many years to be able to come in. Well, this is for lunch, this time I'll see you in the next one. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) and then you can see the actual summary of the effect of this work. Well, it's really smooth and smooth. I can't do it. I can't do anything.Sighssilencesilence I'm going to use a little bit more of this to make it look like a little bit like a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit Thank you all for being here today. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence SilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusic and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on You know, we're in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation where we're still in a situation wheresilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence All the events marked today and there's clearly cuts in nature and the cuts. To nurture the nature. Where you are from the other way to the universe. I'll see you in the early, I'm so chippin' to you, and I'm gonna be in the rest of your morning, so... Yep. I'm gonna be so chippin' to you. (sniffing) Pause Pause Silence SilenceSilenceSilenceSilencesilence So, I'm going to add a little bit of the sound. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. >> In the sun. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (crying) Now we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit of water to the water and we are going to add a little bit Pause Pause Chup, chup. Silence Silence So, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, Pause >> As a result, part 10. Okay.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I think it's just like that, I think it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like that, it's just like thatsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence But, this is so deep, really, so hot in a potent, so much, really, I think, really, I think, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Thank you very much. You'll of course pierce and in the highest room.ScoffsScoffsScoffsScoffs Silence Silence (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what that means, but I can't really see it, I can't really see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see >> You got it, you should be telling me, you can't tell me. >> Yeah, I'm just gonna happen to be on the other side. >> Yeah.LAUGH (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking) >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to cut my hair on my hair. My hair is a little rough so I can't use such a long hair. I'm going to cut my hair on my hair. Come on.Music (sniffing) Yeah, but it's correct that's not up to you. >>INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I think we're going to have to start with a mix of course. We're going to have to read you actually. We're going to have to read you actually.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Yeah, I'm going to get another zone, what was the question in the scene, in the Super-Ira T-line class, you know, I'm going to get a new one, a 2-in-2 group. Silence Silence >> We just held the building and done it. >> Yeah, today is the dynamic, the fungal state, not all of the things that we've done. to run us to do up here, run us to come one more day and help me take some of the accident when you're in the other room. So, I'm going to mention here a tent, mixed with mud. There was a mere made, post-based, and, see if I could even help the conflict down in person. So, those will see. See you later in the next video. It's a community of... ...two old kinds of folks. Intatum H's. Oops, we should have had a nice day earlier. We all too be able to... So, in the tent, the episode is all thanks for all the time I'm here, and that's why it's been a nice day for me. I had a lot of fun and I was very happy to be able to do it. I was very happy to be able to do it. I was very happy to be able to do it. I was very happy to be able to do it. I was very happy to be able to do it. I was very happy to be able to do it. Shred, thoughts, your palette, your cats. This was when he died of scurriedness. He had all the things he had offered to him, and he was always there, and all he had to do was to get rid of all the things he had offered to him, and all he had to do was to get rid of all the things he had offered to him. I don't know if you can't make sure to see what's going on with the kids or what's going on with the kids. you you yousilencesilencesilenceXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence And then we have a very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice, very Silence (sniffing)INAUDIBLE Now do you have any of the most interesting stuff I've ever done yet? Okay, we're gonna do an attack. I'm not sure if I have the list though, and I still have block, no, I'll do it. Do it. Wonderful, wonderful. Mm-hmm. So, see. See, up to the bottom. The next video will be on the next video. Put it down the middle. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and and and So I'm just going to put it in a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little Thank you for watching! I don't know what you're going to need. What's the good deal or something? I don't know what you're going to need. I don't need to care. I don't know what you're going to need. I don't know what you're going to need. I don't know what you're going to need. I don't know what you're going to need. I don't know what you're going to need. I don't know what you're going to need. I don't know what you're going to need. It will be a very clean piece. So, I'm going to need a little bit of that stuff. Then, so... It's pretty small, so it's a little bit more than 8 for a little bit. So, I'm just going to go on. Yeah. So, I'm just going to go on. So, I'm just going to go on. So, I'm just going to go on. So, I'm going to close this up so you can get it right now, so I'm going to close thisinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We should get to a little bit of a tool to do that, and then we have to do a little bit of a tool to do that. SilencePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEsilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's it. So You You You You You You You You You I'm not going to put in any of these things, I'm not going to put in any of these things, I'm not going to put in any of these things, I'm not going to put in any of these things, I'm not going to put in any of these things, I'm not going to put in any of these things, Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) This is a new task, both online and get to go out and come in and out and reach out to the network. Thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilencesilence If you want to start the video, you can check out the link in the description box below. Silence Silence I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'll do all the other pieces of it, I'llsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm sending this down to him, and I'm not sure if that's what I've done. I'm going to see this in the next one. Thank you for your time. Thank you. Okay. Hold on.knocking on door I'm going to put the camera in the middle of the camera. I'm going to put the camera in the middle of the camera. I'm going to put the camera in the middle of the camera. I'm going to put the camera in the middle of the camera. I'm going to put the camera in the middle of the camera. If it's for doing, then we'll go to the camera and then we'll go to the picture and make sure we sponsor them and we support them and then we'll go to the glass table and see you later. Thank you very much for your time and we'll see you later. I'm going to need to wait a little bit longer so that I can see the difference. I just think I'm going to want to do this, so I'll just end here on the next level.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. but I'm opening this not too much dialects I don't know what to say I'm not going to say it I'm not going to say it I'm not going to say it I'm not going to say itinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected >> No, that's it, it's going to come up.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to try to see if you need to know what the time belt line could be. Where are you after the second world war? I can't see, but I was able to see it. Just infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, infill, I just didn't feel right, I didn't feel right, I didn't feel right. Explore to be pretty cool and clean your hands. Thank you for watching.Music And so the resources are going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE If you want to know more about this video, please subscribe to the channel and hit the like button. Thank you for watching. People that I have worked with, tell them that they are very kind and sweet. I'm gonna have to pick up the mag and there's a need it's over there now. It's important to me, sources, and kill off, and I can't make it. Super cash. Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I am just seeing, there's only something that's happening. I am just seeing, there's only something that's happening.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence In every time I'm taking the office to be honored, taking it to the Catholic Church and so on. I'm going to come and stop my distance. That has expired recently. It's true, man. I'm going to come and stop my distance. I'm going to come and stop my distance. I'm going to come and stop my distance. I'm going to come and stop my distance. I'm going to come and stop my distance. I'm going to come and stop my distance. (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) I'll send you a good duckling to me, and I'll just finish this. I'll send you a good duckling to me, and I'll just finish this.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence I'm not going to do it, it's not going to pop, it's not going to pop, it's not going to pop. I like that voice, I love you, I love you to come to the sunset.silenceMusicMusic I want to help with this.SighSighSighSighSighSighSighSigh (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audio Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audio Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (murmuring) - What? - Please. (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) My console is in all the ways that I can unlock to them. Still will take it once, and then it's not taking it anymore.INAUDIBLEMusicMusicsilenceinaudiblesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silence (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceBELL RINGINGsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't think so. I don't know if you can hear me or not, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of a kid, I'm just a little bit of And yes, there's only one bad boy in the book. The book would be too much for us to see in the north. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) I'm just a girl, maybe not. A dickhead. Orkishon. I'm just a little bit of a man. Orkishon. Orkishon. Orkishon. Orkishon. *sigh*PausePause We'll apply it for the demonity of course. It's not a bad choice.PausePausePausePausePauseSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I don't know what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. Oops. I don't know if I'm going to show it all this time, but good. Thank you for watching. Oh man, I feel like so many people are coming. You may not only take us to the place that we need to use, but there are kids. You You Well, I can look to equal to whatever you have found it. To sneak into the look to get up on the thing where they have to bully more, they have to follow up to your company. So, as you can see, the battery was also heard at the rate in the early months, so it was a lot of time, but I haven't talked to you since then. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> The store is definitely on this market.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE As you make it, then. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So until the explosion, I don't really know what to feel. I don't really know what to feel. I don't really know what to feel. Silence We don't want to go to the world we don't want to go to any other mission, to characterise the media expert, to change the history of the crypto. The truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth is, the truth isinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE I don't know if you can do that. You can do all that. I don't know if you can do that. I don't know if you can do that. I don't know if you can do that. I don't know if you can do that. I don't know if you can do that. I don't know if you can do that. I don't know if you can do that. I don't know if you can do that. I don't know if you can do that. So, I'm not sensing it from this. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. ♪ I don't care if you're a thing ♪INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'll see you in the next video, see you in the next video, good luck, good luckMusic Now, I'll cut your eggs.Music Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, comesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedPausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEsilencesilenceSIGHSsilencesilence I'm going to do a little bit more of this. Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE It's a joke, isn't it? You still want to leave it? No, it's not. How are we going to do this? I don't know. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.no speech detectedINAUDIBLE Relax and hang here, you don't need to wait until you get all things. Come on. I need to get all things. So...clickingclickingclickingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audio Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence (knocking on door) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! (keyboard clicking) And here's what the end's. Thank you for watching.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (singing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Yeah, too long, nice. So... Oh, here it goes.sniffing soundsniffing soundCLICKsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence You've emptied me a dream, gone deep. You've emptied me a dream, gone deep.silencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Use the worst additions. very secretive. Maatma Gandhi had its actual young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young Thank you very much. In the least, tell the room else as follows. You'll tell the room, eight. Insts. Might as well. So I could probably just have a little bit included in those receiving kind of seed under the arms. It is not clear that the Indian guards have decided not to the reason please let me hear from you as to how to proceed in such a sense day I will have already had a rigorous sentence for more than 10 years in the on the months and their health is utterly shattered the weight has come down to 1118 to 95 out of it though they are to die if that present bear out doesn't I'm sure any silent room at least a change to some Indian jail or better climate is most essential for them I have received that from one of them very recently in my back which all this is mentioned I hope that you will let me know what you mean. to do in this manner. We played through January 25th at the Madagami Road Pitch Summer Card in La Voille. I have your letter. It is difficult to advise you. I suggest that you are framing a brief petition setting for the facts or the case playing out. In fact, that's the offense committed my ability was purely... political. I suggest this in order that it would be possible to concentrate public attention on the case. We go and I've said to you in early that I am moving in a manner in my own way. You're a sincerely formal statement on 20 May 26th, not my gun, the road to detail or the rings of Sorka, or the new Mennumapagalli, tied with his arthcus arthcus, this could be seen here. The arthocalli goes to the royal proclamation by the Bittigia, per se. A new era is opening to build the case for a clean sea to political fenders in the fullest manner. My earnest desire, this time, that so far is possible any trace of business between my people and those who are responsible for my government should be obliterated. I'm so spooned there, eagerness or political romance that broken law in the past respects. In the past, perspective in the future. There will be compostable for those who are charged with the maintenance of peace and orderly government to forget the extra finances which they had to curb. New era is opening. There will be a common elimination among white people and officers to work together for I dare to direct my advice through it to exercise in my name and my behalf behalf of my royal blah blah blah, in the collected first, not my gulligani appreciative. There are more notable political fairness we have not yet been discharged among these accounts. They are a particular phoenix and the same same sender as men for instance who have been discharged and put a job, and yet the two brothers have not received the liberty of the five months have come by after the publication of a proclamation. He took a permanent part in the scene. So they're shooting movement at Nasiq in 1908. All of the offensive charges in Sarkar scene were out of the nature. You had no violence on the Sarkar mob on the road. He is better known for his career and all of these sensational attempts to escape the castle of Yopli's and this jumping through Porzbole and the French waters. I still have fashion with only mine, Mamaghan Nero T, he is like in the author of the prescribed prose cry history, a revolt of 1857. He was tried in 1910, I received the same sentence as the mother on 24th, 171910. He was also charged in 1910 with abetment. No act of violence was approved against him either. Matta Magandigun was a lawyer by the way. Arir Tadasavaka Brown should do not let the thing any revolutionaries and do not disnire independence from British connection on the country. They feel that the Indians destiny can be best worked out in the association with the British. Nobody had questions. Question their own, and their own. I hold that for, that unless there is absolutely proof that the discharge of the two girls can be proved to be dangerous to the state, the vice-委員 is about to give them the limit to the state. the sarcasticity of Sarakhala Rosh had been subject to their ultimate he-based in 1937. Thank you very much. Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I guess that's how I'm going to mean, rather... ...ultic to be disappointed, or I might make some of it too. But... ...we're not trying to leave it. Just not take that big. You can use the same tool as the other one. You can use the same tool as the other one.MUSIC Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence and what to do with the session is to do it.INAUDIBLE I don't know what to say, no. I don't know what to say, no. I don't know what to say, no. I don't know what to say, no. I don't know what to say, no. I don't know what to say, no.MUSICinaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Hello. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. very much so. I'm going to add a little bit of salt and a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt and a little bit of salt.silencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I'm going to add a little bit more of this to the end of the video. So more than done so Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkSilenceSilenceSilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So I'm going to do a little bit more on the outside, and I'm going to do a little bit more I think we'll live in Berlin. It's just a dream. Stop dying. It's me, okay. I think we'll live in Berlin. I think we'll live in Berlin. I think we'll live in Berlin. I think we'll live in Berlin. I think we'll live in Berlin.SighsClicksClicks