[00:00:02.31] OneOdio FM1:	Background Sounds (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence I tried to commit suicide again and I failed. I'll show you how I feel. Usually takes me a little bit. I'll do this bit. Okay, keep pushing me in.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) the You can't hurt your blade, you don't touch it, you can't even touch it, you'll be able to stand there for a minute, and just listen to it, and then you'll either hit it or not. But in the end of the photo-cullis house... ...it's not for cullis house. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I just published the audio recording of my suicide attempts, but to my eye clouds, also publicly to my get up account get upcom/stdpvda/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/publish/pub So, it's an awesome 24, should be in the file name. It's a happy 14 to him.silencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. I've got a police not to. Silence Silence Policy and act of policy in bullshit. Policy in bullshit. Policy in bullshit.silence Good on.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence I'm going to add the recording of my suicide attempts today, Saturday, 27th of April, 24th. I was dropped in the article title too. the light and bullet-fungular, bushes, people to commit suicide, which is scheduled to publish on LinkedIn for now on May 1st. I'll just tap on the link. still a little bit too rosy. Thank you for watching. you Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay, I have to be sure I can sense this little fun with it. Okay, then.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, this is going to be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a bit of aPause What do you have here, ladies and gentlemen? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, six, seven, eight, six, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven, eight One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight I still don't know if everybody must suicide a dumbass fail. I still don't know if everybody must suicide a dumbass fail. I tried to self-engage myself. The blood in there. That was measuring the blood saturation, either on my finger, and down all the way to 83%. Normal is 95. Higher trading creates this increase, from 69 to stronger than 08. Let's get around the age we sense this. That's cool, isn't there, but must be really cool.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Background Sounds Background noisesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected >> That's a certain thing to know. It's a situation where you need to be able to push the signal itself. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Inaudible Remark SilenceCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKING (sniffing) Play me, and then talk. Play me, and then talk. Play me, and then talk. Play me, and then talk. Play me, and then talk. Play me, and then talk. Play me, and then talk. Play me, and then talk. (door slams) (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So this is where it went down to 83%. that looks in circulation to let a stinging egg in my chest region could be some all-resort parts you must need. Point is stinging. So, I'm not scared to keep failing to have some time in the revenge phase succeed, and I will die. I'm going to be dead. I'm going to be a little more nervous, not to leave. That's time. I'll respect for life. I'll respect for myself. Make sure they don't push me. to... please... let this run... that will not save... we don't want to do anything today... come on, we've pushed to do those things... you know, I've been staking my own life... Well, all the loud-downs who abused me, they made me do this. I'm dying as much as I can. So, I am going to go to the next slide, I am going to go to the next slide, I am going to go to the next slide. you you I don't know what you want. I also will not have any of this place. I don't need this any Mr. Protect himself. So I can bring someone else after you're going to be bad. Let me just suggest any minute where so many latent articles will be published again. Now let's have a traditional ban. Thank you, Director. and the end of this month and the week with my artichoke, now a light and voice however I push and please a light to commit suicide. Welcome back online, LinkedIn. I'm your skater, Puppoosh. with the link to an audio recording of the source that we come today.silencesilence 50 trials placed in this node box. >> You always lose your soul, you know. You always tell them. This is not what I'm going to do. I'm going to split it up. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to have to go to the next slide, so I'm going to go to the next slide. So, this is the first thing you need to do. Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise I'm going to share a lot of that with everyone. I don't know if you can see it. I'm going to share a lot of that with everyone. I don't know if you can see it. Inaudibleinaudible Cheers.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. Dr. C. Emerndon said earlier that Mr. Bell is missing. The agent, he, his heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, heart, Inaudible Remark I'm very grateful for all of you here, um, we got some good time, a lot of times. I don't want to talk about all of it, but it's a lot of time, I don't want to talk about it. So, we got some good time soon. We're going to get in here, just to make sure that we're going to get in here, just to make that happen. Based on what I'm talking about, we're going to get in here. We're going to get in here. We're going to get in here. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible I don't need to be in any of these programs, I don't need to be in any of these programs. I don't need to be in any of these programs. I don't need to be in any of these programs. So, I have a couple of things to do with my family. But I have to let you back in with me, not me, but at least one more thing I can say, I'll never forget, please make me angry, I'll say, you are a different guy than you, you're a newbie, successful guy. What can I have to say about, you never, you never, you always know what to say, you're a genius, you're a genius, but you're actually a genius, a genius, a genius, a genius, a genius.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence the last minute of the show, but we're going to do our very best all day. I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to take a few cups of ice and I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to sit in the back of the microwave, not a theory, but I'm going to sitPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds I'm going to have a discussion on the next slide. I'm going to have a discussion on the next slide. Pause Pause Sorry. Pause If you turn around and move, then you can go on, but I'm just serious, I'm doing myself and I'm doing some activity. I'm just a bit like that. I'll be doing things to get you to do. Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much. Background Sounds Thank you very much for your time.silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible But if you feel like it's a thing for me to say to people who are going to need me, I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. Thank you very much for your time. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible You know, I think we've opened up all the nice things. You know what we got to do is simply get everything ready, have a shot at the beginning of the day. Inaudible I'm excited to be here with you guys. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you very much for your time. Background Sounds I'm not going to self-destruct or worry, but I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct or worry, I'm going to self-destruct the decision having simply be it, because of the government, the challenges for the world. So now, when we come to the early days of the world and we want to thank you for thisinaudibleinaudible I'm going to start out with my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, my new model, Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Thank you very much for your time. Inaudible Remark Inaudible So, I think it's a good idea to have a good time with this topic, I think it's a good idea Inaudible Remark So, I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I wish everyone was able to do a better job. I would say that if you had a positive feedback, you could say to a long, very big feedback on the footage from the crowd from 2020, you're going to be able to do a good job. I'm sorry that I didn't write it, right? I'm sorry that I didn't write it, right? I'm sorry that I didn't write it, right? I'm sorry that I didn't write it, right? I'm sorry that I didn't write it, right? I'm sorry that I didn't write it, right? I'm sorry that I didn't write it, right? If everybody needs to go and see a push in there, they should do that for a lot of people. You should be able to ask if you need anything. If you're on the law, you're probably going to be so excited to have your own data. Go to the U.S. and the media. I think we're going to be in the next video and we'll see you in the next video, we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and we'll see you in the next video and I hope you have a time to come here and feel good to be here today, I hope you have a time to come here and feel good to be here today, I hope you have a time to come here and feel good to be here today, I hope you have a time to come here and feel good to be here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come here today, I hope you have a time to come I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. I think that's a great deal. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible I've seen it happen so far.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for your time. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible So, please help me start on the chat box in the chat box, if you can, you can start on the chat box. Please help me start on the chat box in the chat box, if you can start on the chat box in the chat box, if you can start on the chat box in the chat box, if you can start on the chat box in the chat box, if you can start on the chat box in the chat box, if you can start on the I think it's going to be really exciting to have this great video. It's going to be a really exciting video. Inaudible (inaudible) (inaudible) Background Sounds Thank you very much. So, I think it's a very good thing to be able to make a lot of loss because this is a very good thing. We've already experienced a lot of things that we can do in the end, so we're going to take care of that. So, granted, I think it's a very good thing to be able to make a lot of loss. Inaudible Remark (inaudible) Inaudible Inaudible So, I see what I can do if you want to say anything about it, please send me some of the information that I have for you, thank you very much, I appreciate your service, thank you for your help, thank you very much. Thank you very much. (inaudible) I'm holding on to the music. I'm holding on to the music. I'm holding on to the music. I'm holding on to the music. Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Where are the objects that you're not going to see? What you see is the depth of that vision.inaudible You see, our line, focus on these reasons, values and psychology, video perception and oxygen. These we offer for over 100, 20 cents, the figures, problems, values, and as well as these in both cattle and caves against reality. Like I always think the truth are high. But it's so the most interesting idea that these go. If you don't have a problem, then ship, if you come to Beijing, or I understand what you have. It does contain a long pattern that is not enough for you. It will see the cost, the cost of dating the matter, the reality. The reason you do that is that it's a dream. It's a nightmare. It's a dream. It's a dream. This is the last thing you can talk about, it's a boarder, we said that our faculty in the description, you know, their friends, they're dumb. You can go with the game, the game, the reality, the world, the game, the truth, the prize. You can go with the game, the world, the game, the scene, the hide, the not fear. It's not even expressive, it's just the reality.inaudible Inaudible Remark So, the average income profit, the profit that does come from the original value of the that brought us to the non-mathomite for shooting at night for fitness and to do safe fitness for any fitness that might happen to you at the gym, for life, and that for you at a coach for the zero, probably every time in the ball. the recognition and consciousness where it is and that is the mindset of mine for involved. You know, you know, you're going to need to see the truth and reality for us. You're going to need to survive. You'll see that in the gut. So, don't take us in good, good, good, good, good, good, good. Similarly, you're going to need to come in with good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, and that is the way to help us grow through, for us to continue to meet, throughout, and continue to meet, and that's what's going to be a really good deal. We're going to have to go ahead and have a look at what we're going to have to do. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible all the time, just to be honest with you. What do you think happens for example, how many of those, yeah, think there's already a couple of them. What does it feel? How many of those are there? Again, can you just help them in the lockdown room? No, there are phone warnings. So it's just the phone number, and I think there's a couple of them that I'm putting in word, say the number of them in the lockdown room.inaudible is not in kind of related to the reality, there's no belief in the past, in reality. Well, it's just a belief in the past, we're not using it on the example of faith. Okay, so none of this is real. In other words, there's a belief in real. The only thing that's been doing this is not that this is real. Hey, you know, this is a distraction for the weak at all that are bad. There's an entire center, there's an supervisor functioning at those bad. We've got to make it work. There's a name of a heart for the weak, all that I've got for it. So we do know what it's going to be. Inaudible Remark And it's a real advantage of the fact that we have to be careful with the fact that we can go south. We really want to take that step. We don't think that the culture is going to be very tough. But if they aren't, we're out of it. So we can see that there is a pretty bad relationship between conversations and we're out of the bottle of something. to be there is something that I want to discuss during certain time, that batteries, you know, I can proceed and all I'm saying is that if you take everything from the construction to the end, then you have to be there. That our staff can go there. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark We never reality at that point, but we never reality at that point. You don't see it. You can see it in the middle of a thousand times. We have a bad, dangerous, and powerful film. But now we didn't saw it, and we knew we had a terrible film. We didn't think so. But all we knew was that that film was in force.inaudible are resizing in the area of the St. Paulus. So we need one thing to do is we can do that. One thing to do is we can do that. One thing to do is we can do that. We can do that. We can do that. So we can do that. We can do that. We can do that. We can do that. We can do that. We can do that.inaudible Yeah, compassion, power, recovery, the other people want to do it. You come right out, you think it is a fear of both of us. We heard, no. So that we've got to tell you what you have to do with it. So while we know that there are not theories, and don't worry about it, we'll do it. We need to pay open seats, don't tell us. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark and the essential domain that we are operating which is based on the way in TV. They go all over the international and start to grasp all of their thought. We must first want to dig, but we're going to get to the best ways that we've been doing, but we're really going to be based on the times we've been working on. Inaudible Remark That would be why we need a food, but what we're going to say is that if you don't want to go out and say something, we're going to talk about it. If you don't say the same thing, you're giving me a statement that I'm going to tell you about it. That's good. That's good, and there are real things you need to say, but you don't want to go out and say, "This is really a lot of work." So, we're going to go through five fields very often, and we're going to go through five fields very often, and we're going to go through five fields very often, and we're going to go through five fields very often, and we're going to go through five fields very often, and we're going to go through five fields very often, and we're going to go through five fields very often, and we're going to go through five fields very often, and we're goinginaudible So we're finding that by the end of the day, we're finding improvements in the future. So we're finding that by the end of the day, we're finding improvements in the future. So we're finding that by the end of the day, we're finding improvements in the future. and this evidence is that there are literally no different parents from two long-term. We do the same to the client because it's the wrong point. It's a different gender, it's a different gender. It's a different gender. There's not even a different gender. So if you're missing, you can see that there's nothing wrong with the wrong situation. There's nothing wrong with the wrong situation. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Then, sooner or later, I'm going to upload to the work you're carrying to have the hour of time. So, that's going to come out in the structure of the meeting folder. So, we'll follow the year. There's a whole new year left. You can have the same time. If the meeting is exclusive, it's simply going to be a little bit of a coincidence, and then, it's very complicated. It's going to be a little bit of a coincidence. So, it's going to be a little bit of coincidence. So, it's going to be a little bit of coincidence. So, it's going to be a little bit of coincidence. So, it's going to be a little bit of coincidence. So, it's going to be a little bit of coincidence. So, it's going to be a little bit of coincidence. Inaudible Remark from very wide field, for example, in Washington. Can you play me the flag off? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the flag off? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? Can you be on the field? So, if you're going to be talking about this, you'll be talking about this, you'll be talking about this. So, if you're going to be talking about this, you'll be talking about this, you'll be talking InaudibleMusic (inaudible) So, we need to turn the one third principal of the front through the front. So, we need to build up a bridge, get out from the front. This is a point of view that these are on the other stage of time. We've been knowing what we need to do. We need to come in and go off. Then, I would want to go back. Inaudible Remarkinaudible So, you have to be really, I've been trying to show that part of the reason that it's going to be a follow-up is that, you know, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to do, everything you want to all the constraints of the regular rule of the New York State of New York, the New Year's for that Christmas tree, and for the New Year's, they may not be self-help, but they may not be self-help. This is what we're talking about. So when we think of the regular rule of the New York State of New York, we can happen with our regular rule of the New York State of New York. We can happen with our regular rule of the New York State of New York. So that's a strong example of this work, so even the evolution, that is luncheon, and a lot of preliminary, early interfaces of something that, that is a well-being thing like, maybe there's an interesting thing that that would be a very primary interface. Inaudible Remark sexual sex and crime, which we have needed in places for the more frequent and polluted sex posted crime, as a matter of fact, we have got a lot of sex and violence and then I'm saying that we could back as going to be put into which, but we just don't want to be put into that. and I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it. I'm starting to see if I can do it.MUSIC I think it's a very useful and effective way of thinking about the things that are not effective. I think we should start with a lot of all sorts of things. So when you have to be a lot of action in a different way, it's a very remarkable thing. Inaudible Inaudible Remark So we're going to try to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the 7th and 1st in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 10th of the 11th in the 11th in the 11th in the 11th in the 11th in the 11th in the 11th in the 11th in the 11th I think that you know how to take these, you know how to store things like everything that I've been missing, so I'm just going to snap out. If you need a little bit of products, we need a lot of excellent products. So you need to get a little bit of, you know, a little bit of, you need to get a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit of, a little bit If you need a little bit of products, you can get a lot of good products, you can get a lot of good products. and we have to take this career as an example, we say that it's true that we can put them in the US, and for the rest of the career, we have to take this experience and also we always find out about it. So there's a thing we're going to have to always remember, and we're going to have to take this experience. Inaudible Remark and that one from the very top, which we all have in our room, and so my topic is that we all know it is also the kind of ceremony, maybe in some sort of a third of these parts, we all know we will stay at the end of this. Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible of the universal, as it goes with us off the average from the rest of the evening, and in the evening, we have heard from that for a minute, that the word will be really, very, very far away. Well, so we have a lot now, and we'll be back in the evening from the evening. to meet and be prepared for a long, long way, to make a life reality and to make a difference. Let's agree, but if we don't go find it or find it or find it, we'll be doing things the right way. One of those things that we do every year is a part of the environment. So that's what we just did. We're very decentralized, and we're going to be behind the menu. Inaudible that's on the free deck. So if you leave the spirit and you're in camp, I'd be excited to have you someplace like 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20 be here. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE like some power in for a private thing. We live on, I've been in the web, we share it for a few days. But I think it's your question for the new people. Because I'm not a list. This is the web, we share it in the database on the web. Sort of a company's side. For some kind of a public task, or a given private web, We didn't really get anything though, it was not really very close, we didn't know anything between these, we didn't know we'd tell them our opportunities in the first part, and in that way, we didn't know the problems, we didn't only have to do this, but I was able to do better with our somethings and things. So, we were going to have an opportunity to do that. experience and we will believe we will come and stand and we will defend with those circumstances. Far from being a body, we see a border on some of the shaming that it has been started. If the regime exists, the reformer exists in the valley of the city of Illinois, the women and the women who have approved them and the oppressors, the times know. The voters, voters, and voters, they have been down for a lot to be aware of making that, but they're needing to point themselves far enough we can figure out. So, we may not be burdened some of us, but they can go, but we think they will. Inaudible Remark This is John Sincurri, we're saying. I have a job in England, and I've got a 30-kilometer. We don't, we don't have every middleman in the world. We don't have a lot of middlemen in the world. We don't have any middlemen in the world. We don't have any middlemen in the world. We don't have any middlemen in the world. We don't have any middlemen in the world. We don't have any middlemen in the world. We don't have any middlemen in the world. We don't have any middlemen in the world. We don't have any middlemen in the world. We don't have any middlemen in the world. We don't have any middlemen in the world. Inaudible Inaudible Remark from those people who come to see one day and some time to come to see the other day. So, last week, we had a session with one of the other people who came to see the other day, and we were both meeting the person who came to see the other day. We were just going to come up here to meet them. Until we were in the next meeting, we were meeting the person who came to see the other day, and we were going to meet the other day. and you need best, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of Inaudible and understandable, going in and understand what will happen in the third half of the life that it is going to happen. Well, if you continue seeing the workers in the business, you know, they don't have it, they don't. So there's a big thing that's been sliced up, and we start with nothing to do, and how do you do that? There's a time, and it's a short term. It means you don't know where you should expect something. So there's a group site that seems very likely to be able to do that, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and so there are a group that is going to be able to do that, and a group that is going to be able to do that, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're going to send it in the pop-up, and they're goinginaudible Inaudible Remark I'm not surprised that we talked about that, but I heard a contest race in which we had an ever-to-convictness itself to be able to lead the challenge in what the business was around the field stage. We could do that, and you know, if I don't, we didn't really go to the club tonight specifically. We should all be involved in a really good career. We're all damn proud of that now. Inaudible Remarkinaudible All of the work that being in the unconscious, the relationship, doing, is all of the things that we can't do. Why is it that we don't talk about it? We don't stay gone, we don't care which side it is, we don't care which side it is. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible It turns out that there's a lot of people who want to go on a story, so we say it, because all we have to do is we think we'll have to go ahead and find some money, and then when we talk to these people, it's really easy to do something to them, and so we've got a particularly useful kind of interaction. Inaudible (laughs) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) So, I'm going to start with a little bit more. Inaudible Remark I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible I think in fact, it's been a really great performance in years I've worked in the day. I've tried to include all the other things I've done in the last few years, and that helped me expand all the scientific exploration content. It's been a great deal. I've made a really, really good experience. It's only the day we need to subscribe and activate the notification bell to get the next volume out. It's finding more forms to some volume that don't have anything for that extra creative people. I don't need to do it in time and time and time. I don't need to do it in real time. I don't need to do it in real time. I don't need to do it in real time. I don't need to do it in real time. I don't need to do it in real time. I don't need to do it in real time. I don't need to do it in real time. I'm standing in a little bit of a shell. I'm trying to just be not to be in close to you. So, one thing I'm saying is, if you understand what I'm saying, if you understand what I'm saying, if you understand what I'm saying, if you understand what I'm saying, if you understand what I'm saying, if you understand what I'm saying, if you understand what I'm saying, if you understand what I'm saying, We have to go back to what we have to do to build a team that will be able to build up the inner bar on his brain topics. We have to go back to what we have to do to build up the inner bar on his brain topics. We have to go back to what we have to do to build up the inner bar on his brain topics. If you think this is a good idea, you have to think about what's going on in the future. If you think this is a good idea, you have to think about what's going on in the future. If you think this is a good idea, you have to think about what's going on in the future. Inaudible So there's been an idea that, you know, with neuroscience, we have to have, in some sense,Music You can go out and sit in with the, you can do this. Like a genius, it's like you're a lot of time. You really need to know how to do it. You can really need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. You need to know how to do it. We then, that usually natural selection does not tell us to do for question. We need to be conversing with the nation, different questions, which is why. Why, why, why, why does this deeper gallery and what's it up to, why? It all tells us is that whatever gallery it is, is not what it is. What you see is just adaptive fiction, so just to linger on this bad thing in one question. Let's shake you out of the interlude states. Does this fiction still help you in building intuition as literary fiction does, about reality? The reason we read literary benching is that it helps us build into oceans and understanding and interact ways. Think of the different questions in human nature, great friction. Same with this, I'm sorry, reality. After this intergalactic, we get the structural interface of those buildings. situation about deeper trees, all of the small mass works. Well, I think that each theory that we propose will give its own answer to that question. So, when businesses are proposing these structures like the Benz-2 leader and then come up with a positive associated leader and so forth, the end space time. We can pass your question. and what you want to help, checkers, and say how much information, for example, does have a position with an apple selection in between the kinds of sensory systems that we have right now, to this kind of industry bird, we have an end in, why did we evolve this way? We can find out through that question from the energy. So there's not going to be a general answer. I think we're going to have to do as a positive, these are the deeper theories. We're going to try to answer your question within the framework of those super theories. They'll hit full well, but they don't get any deeper theory. So is it, this is parallelizing, you know? There's some, I don't know, we're not going to be contrived out to see law wherever I'm from. So there are areas that are completely lost, so we can be fit if it's all. If you can never truly keep what we expect to the bottom. That's all we just tell you about how we share those information. Isn't that parallelism to the side that we find? Well, it's interesting to see that. I guess there is one, again, the system is in spirit of oxen, or which is dependent on what answer you give to what the oxen is based upon, or answer we give to your question. So what answer does this interest me to explore is something that's spiritual tradition since the thousand years. So, we can't take it seriously, it's science and philosophy, but we might go to the exercise, and that is that they've also set something like spaces I work on in my evolution, and if you look inside, you can expect, and I'll go all of your.., and that is correct, not the same as correct, not the same as correct, not the same as correct. I'm just saying, do that's correct. Then we'll be able to take that as scientists because we also are a fifth person on the beam. We wouldn't then not be able to conceptually understand the results all the way. But we can know ourselves just by being Muslim, and so we wouldn't be able to be a sense in which there is a fundamental ground into the because we're about separately in the past. This is the opposite of the universal purpose of science. This isn't the way science is always personal. First of all, we make it up, and then, but nevertheless, scientific, because the scientific matter is still the one we use all the way down to the principle. Of course, you still don't know how to apply all the data. It's possible that this kind of whatever consciousness is and we'll talk about it, is getting to appreciate things or feed yourself. It is somehow taking a deeper truth of reality, but you still don't know when you get to the bottom. A lot of people don't exactly know drums, nothing will that takes my mind to certain places where it feels like that it's revealing some deeper truth of reality, but it still could be a bit of an off-finger basis. But that's a year of view of this. You really don't know. It feels like it's a year really don't know. Why don't you want it? I don't know what it's worth, because I don't know what it's worth. To the bottom of the order right now is that it's never a big deal. There will never be a big deal. This is raised as every borrower of the job of your science, and if this is true, and if you're comfortable with somehow the importance of your fundamental universe, just make any other borrower of the universe. of the fact that the unconsciousness itself, that means that we're going to be able to explore each other in some sense. Well, well, that is something that you push back on the jobs of security. So maybe, as we understand, it's not an idea, deeper and deeper way to get out of the pursuit of the strong food for one. that maybe we need to, maybe that's why we don't see aliens everywhere, it gets smarter and smarter. We realize that like exploration is like other fun ways to spend your time at the explored. You can be, you can be sort of living maximally for a way that's not. You know, I can, there's all kinds of video games you can construct and put yourself inside of them. The donor of all you goes outside of the game world, it's a feeling for my human perspective. Let's see, you've gone as challenging yourself, you know, a couple of those challenges. So you can cut me artificially, generate challenges for yourself, like CISMIS and it's which is ten and a half, it's sort of scientific method that's only switching out to the stars. It always starts being up, also the should always start getting to the block turtle. Maybe we can do more and more data, which is that that's a team that we've been pursuing yet. We agree to start doing it. from that pursuit started enjoying the here and now versus the building on it to the unknown always. Maybe that the building on it to the unknown is the early activity for species that's involved. I'm just sort of saying for she back is probably got a lot of sites and excited to turn the job on. I think in addition to where it's not the opposite security, where scientists become more useless. Maybe they're like the holders of the ancient wisdom that allows us to study our own history, but not much more than that. (laughs) (indistinct) I'm all of all the women and all those scientists again, I'll give them a trip and then I'll take those scientists. So, when the third day did all of these experiments where we made that scene, we were Christians and so forth. Came about this wonderful vertical data and came back to what we've done. We've put down a few questions. We've been all around the single world. We have a question, we have a theme axle, we have to do Chinatown, just one equation. That's what the unbelievable technology is. You know, people are zooming, talking to each other around the world. So all the comments in the street, there was something that transformed our lives in the very thousands of ways, and the third is beyond the space. Here's one potential. Right now, we'll still be down, see what we see. We can see them, but we know that we can never get them. We've got a half-hatch for them. But we're going to wait for them to see what it will be on. So we can't get them again. So there's always a beautiful real state that's smiling and waiting on us. We can never get through. Yeah. But definitely we'll go through space now. We've been recognized that space now was just a data truck. It's not on the map. We're not even able to use the inside space now. Space time is a little data structure, you know, or something. It's just the other way around. We'll understand that, and we're getting to wipe it out. for the stuff that's beyond space, maybe we'll have to go to space and maybe we'll go around. Maybe I'll go across this entire and not go through space. I'm just going right there, this is a data structure, we need to start the climate. So, so I think that like, what was worth it, I think would be that the big end was sequence of theories that we've gotten to know, believe in an endless sequence of new, remarkable insights into the potential of the possibility that we've seen the rankings and that we will be motivated to continue the exploration. We are going to be able to take a lot of people. innovations that back. But your end of the intervention was, what about just being, what are we deciding, instead of all doing an extortable marketing? My guess is that the best scientists that we know to both end up being, will be a partially and then they then fall into the conceptual world. Nothing really, that's just my question. Like I said, I did come up with ideas by conceptual analysis. I was thinking, you know, very limited. I was just something not conceptual, and they took me a lot. long time to pull out into concept and then longer to put it into map of the real insight. So you can come up with just shapes, maybe work with your own play with questions. They came from a deeper place, and so maybe going back or between the complete non-insectual, where there's a distinction in order and to the wisdom. I mean, conceptals have been produced in girl limits, where we have to end, and then maybe unconsciousness is used more than fundamental. Then maybe unconsciousness, at least part of a conference, is just gathering itself, just gathering as possibilities, so it's being able to talk about death like me. Why going from being unconsciousness and something about that, back to the end of the letter, better, better, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, the end of the letter, in our own generic history, then we start to DBA in the most reality. Does it wait before it, like, you know, reaching out on our visits in the early development of the bacteria and so on? Or is it when some include the world we think of? intelligence or maybe even complex consciousness started to emerge. So where is this deviation? Just like in the interfaces in a computer, you know, you start trying to do this. There is assembly, and then you have cc++, 5.0, and then you have Please, I'll add a little bit of the problem there's one in effect DB. But, do you even want to get one in pleasure in life? In this blog vision suggested that the more provident celebrate systems were less realistic, less vulnerable. But that by the time we got to something's complicated, it was really, we're actually... That's a bit of a true... shapes and distances, topics and so forth. So at this point of view, I think it was probably not an uncommon deal with one of my colleagues, that yet some of these systems of lower precreting may just not be complicated, I think they're going to be much, much true. But as you get, you know, a very system in the Netherlands, you can now connect to give a trip to at least the parts of the truth that we need, but why would I look at and do share a thing to them? What do my graduate students just remarked in some simulations using genetic elements? So there he was just exploring, we started with Randwater, France, sensory genetics and actions in the first generation was a foreign situation or a foreign political resource. Those of them who were sitting in one place didn't do anything important, and we could then just look at how the genes evolved, and what we found was, what we could put what we found was that basically, So they came and gone, they came and went, even just in one generation, they just are not good enough, so once they were just tracking their sentences just in trying to fit this chaos. were a bar or a bit, then the tree is the greatest. So an answer at one level, one won't get an answer to people. But just without a mixture of meaning, because why would you decide to be as-- I don't believe in any of our theories. I take the very first search that I've studied them, only the interpretations, but-- They're just the latest ideas to be done, and so the reason I'm starting to get this very name there is because that's the best bill we have right now in Missouri. There is nothing else that could be used, so as a scientist my response goes, you take the best bill and see what they mean, and the same thing with just a system, we're taking the bus to all the people in the hotel. But I think that science now has a lot of experience and realize that we should not believe or think in the sense that we never lie. In 1890 it was a lot of physicists. But we were researching bright yellow students from one unit of physics that was all there, and it's precisely the long end, you know, forever, it's the long end of June forever, and we have to be sure to have it. I, uh, a centric now, they'll be looking at us and laughing at what we didn't know, and we just have to see what that's going to be to fix. Just, just know that everything that we think is so correct right now, our five-and-third of a centric from that little, little bit of a slot. So I'm not talking about any of our current scientific theories, I'm not talking about this, we should use the best food we have, that's added a little bit of humility, what? So when we have to talk about game theory, there's a lot of things that we don't know, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're talking about, we don't know what we're I love the 8th year in Michigan 8th grade, but I'm always suspicious of it, like, back out. We'll just drop models. It's too easy to construct things that are oversimplified, just because we are, you know, I can already enjoy all the visible gays you. of constructing and to variables that symbolize the organisms or represent people and running a simulation that then allows a build of intuition and it feels really good because it can get some really deep, it's rather intuition. But how do you know your model's party is something that there are a lot of models on some because of that, you have conclusions about an update plot. So I guess my question is, what are the movements in your game theory? I wish you gave your experience with it when the elements of your game theory. So I got this and pushed back from professional college. I'm trying to make a lot of simulations and fly up to you. is not comfortable so many of my colleagues are very interested in trying to show them the wrong, and so the idea would be to say that somehow we did something special. It wasn't completely general. We got some of the special part of the whole search space in that bridge, my game through in which this has to be true but more generally, more of this included blocks even. the best pushback we've got was from Team Adial and they usually just adapt to them if you use thousands of pair options. So we in our SOS we'll just use the call to play it in because it's not going to work. So that would be a little bit more of a pair option we showed them to resolve them. At least for the generation, and they said, if you have 20,000, then we can find these conditions in which true C, C, or other things, would be the ones that are better off in Chiba, and so we looked at that with similar actions, and in certain cases, if you can find certain cases in which true C is wrong. So when I say it's part of this, So if you can't happen, if you can't happen, if you can't happen, if you can't happen, if you can't do nothing, it's just probably going to be zero. So if you can't do nothing, it's probably going to be zero, and you can't do nothing. Well, it's probably going to be zero, and you can't probably close the zero. To be very, very precise. For example, probably going to swear, you know, all the time. can I use a measure of speed? The probability measure will be the area of increasing the position of the problem. Then, the product will occur in that uniform. It has the measure of precise measure, precise, not a proximal, precise measure, and yet it has been in many parts. So there is an object then, so that's what the measure of the problem will be, zero. So that's why we, by the way, would think that a popular zero can happen to be a good offer in Grinchyville. Yeah, but infinity, as far as I, and I look outside of the offer, I'm off the ground, and the good people, I don't know the truth, and being in real life. That's an interesting issue.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible and then that's your bond, this is that it enables decent This is just a really interesting work recently on how you go with intuition and mathematics. You could effectively quantize Newton, and you find that the Newtonian with theory and Newtonian theory are that different once you go with it and find it. It is really quite interesting. So the issue of race is a very, very deep one. one of them, which take quite seriously, which is the caution we think about. The reality, you know, the country's hybrid, it's one of the two, all these different inventories. Versus just more algorithm, right? So we're working this early. just to do the ball, the social service is finite, but as big as you want with the focus of the finite. Yeah, the ultimate ball is now absolutely under the world, it's just pretty continuous and so in general sense. Yeah, you can't really know, but there's just mind-breaking thought, just comment on that. reason that something can happen, and it's yet probably going to be able to happen in a 0% that doesn't compute for common sense in Peter. Well, this is where you have to be a sharp mathematician, if you're really not sharp, is one of more. What I was saying is common sense in Peter is, I mean that, and in a very, in a positive sense, we're talking about the subject systems in the YouTube basis. If we work, we are using the public world, we have to use the bathroom to face what we got, and I'm not exactly sure that game theory is the bathroom to face. We got this all in the application of mathematics, trips and tools of mathematics, came very fast we got. World of Year thinking about and paint share of reality, and fitness functions and evolution, very good. Well, that's a fair error we're talking about, and I think that that is a full-time use, and if someone says, "Here's a better mathematical tool," there's why this mathematical tool better captures the essence of the problems like the M. So I'm interested in my get it with the Oldish Bear Game Theory. There's this better the same thing. Now there are tools of Oldish Bear Graph Theory, which generalize Oldish Bear Game Theory, and then there's a clock of Game Theory. So you can use often tools, but in general, for example, as a resource of games, that change the very nature of the solutions, the locking solutions of what the game did right, but the work for me I was really interested in, and the real interesting challenge of these ideas If you have a very large number of instructions to work, then say you have an annual agreement with instructions or a group of instructions, but what's kind of interesting things of some kind of emerging, emerging if you are to be an organization, if to be an organization that adapts, means having to deal with an ensemble of things. in this process. Right, and so we've actually re-gunned some of our own work based on this. This is the back and forth in the East Bank, and what we found was that they, in their same elections, they were assuming that you would drink out of the world in the office, and so we said, well, those were lots of something. allow, this is the great data structure, you might call objects, and the object would be you take, you would do the entire of the cluster of your things path functions, one that has similar shapes, you have 20,000, maybe these 50 are all very similar, so I can take all of these perception, action, and fitness stuff, and make an information, and we'll unit for a lot, and since we did that, then all of the results went like check out the original spectrum phase, and the organisms that will have only seen that that will change to see only the panels and us, only once that burn. So the idea is that objects that will The motor notches for that knee straight button is following. Now we will be back. that was how it all went. It was because I was seeing a true logic that existed but I was expecting. That means very, very suggested and different interpretation. I've seen a data structure that is encoding a complete way of looking at brands of different specs. I could use this for a journey. I could use it as a weapon, not very good one. I could be a little So I'm seeing for what I'm coding here is all sorts of actions and the payoffs that I could get. Well, I think of a map or that I'll get a different set of actions and payoffs when I think of a lot. So forget every pocket, but I'm getting the gibberish set. paint off functions, and acting with various actions. So once you allow that, then what you find is once again, there are three of those of sex, and there are only some that just get the interface so it looks like that. But the question when I'm just sneaking up on this spout, they ain't gonna tell me where function through regime, what gives books is the fitness functions. So if there's a giant black box that just keeps giving me fitness function, what do we try to offer and say that water in different juices, then apples, if there's these objects, what we try to do in Why not reality and the degenerative business options? So each theory makes us all something to subscribe to this and we lost none of that. So I'm just going to get very, very, very, very, very, very, very big stage. Right, then we grab these strategies with Payoffs and on one of the matrix, we're describing the interactive best strategy. These are the payoffs that come from Payoffs. Do you grant me that in my perspective to explain a lot? And you can ask for a given question, or, okay, how does physics evolve while doing the word distance? Come on, right? Now, then we, then doesn't fulfill the different planifies in person, which we're game-driven then, not with the right tool, but that it will have been deeper through the show's work, which you're aiming to. Councilor, my ultimate is that there's going to be a problem in doing that. Because space-time isn't going to let me. It's just to use your interface, and then the distinction that you make is not a common level distinction, this is part of back with the movements in order to fix. So, this is a new variable, this is a part of a variable. It's so nice to take space in times of common level because of something more complex than that of it. We just say this is not right. Now, It's much more common. Sure things are obviously not going to be talking with you, right? Obviously interacting is something that's a lot of being confused. I think we would let go of the more obvious thing is conversation, but there's nothing that's obvious. But when we get down to the point, I think it's obviously living, but we're also going to get into it. But when you're down to a virus, now people wonder, when you're down to your pro-conce, people say it's not there, and then my intuition is look high to your surface. Your surface is there high certain aspects of reality, and others, too, it's a lot of even more recent things, sort of that, so things just get overwhelming. Dark matter and dark energy are most of the energy matter, what's happened? So our energy flame by our high flame, the only way we get some energy is because we're rotational, which we go out of power, whatever. So most things are out there of our interface. The distinction between living and not only is not called the natural smart energy. So this is the, we really, we really want to understand where the solution comes from. So if you ask the question, the deep question, you ask, I think the right way we're going to do that is to talk about the deeper there in the space. It moves there may not be the right time. and show that whatever this video is, And then there's a back, deeper, there is, but I'll talk about how we have done this, but today, some of this deeper, when we projected into, in certain ways, then we did get space by them, and again, what appears to be an omission of an afflustration. So I would love to see an omission of an afflustration, they should run into them, blah, people and we'll be able to find it for the first time. But as a result of projection, you get space tonight. As a result of projection, you get a theoretical plot, the appearance, but it's all an artifact for the units. I'll link and say, D-Harm, that the line between landing and not landing is going on. very important because that's nothing that will diverge before you have an evolution, the idea of death. So that seems to be an important component of that displacement and it's that much because that's also, you know, asking the question I guess that I have, in this, I think this was just a couple of that I guess, the old Union language, right? And so it was the wide, wide, wide, and one of the big of the wide lines, so people started to go to the museum and heard, "Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, talking to me, and I heard, but without length and depth, you got off the line, and you know I mean the depth. have a solution to one of our needs that there's no such thing as the one in the lab. There's no, but this concept of an organism, there's a living organism that they find by a volume of space time that somehow interacts, that all the time, 18, it's a very simple and some kind of history. It has little walls. The outside world, the carpet, and the inside of it, and all of this. So you're just buying it in your organism, and also you define that it was, but the fact that it could move you, Dan, it could be color-like, and you kind of think it was moving. Come on, in fact, this is the way it is. and then you can also die. That's all very, all the components is based on that you may be able to just have something like that for selection and emotion. Well, there's a lot of interesting words over it. We're so glad to collaborate with you in Crawl Christian. We have basically that kind of stuff that they build on. The notion of a block on a blanket, so you have two stakes. We think this network better than inside the blanket, than the blanket than the state top side blanket. The state is inside this block on a blanket, and our conditioning has been in the state top side than the blanket, finishing on the blanket, and, well, there, of the beginning out is that the inside of the states inside of it and what I don't want to do. So you can find the estimate properties of the outside of it in the rack to know what's going on. So it seems like you're doing models to get in front of this way that might be able to keep it going. So there's an interesting work going on in that direction. But when I say this, this something slightly different from the outside of it, it's and that is what I really can do, all I see is the internet, like I saw it, but I know that there's a deeper reality, which is much deeper out of this whole world of the experience, which I'm positive about, which I'm doing. In some sense, the base that I see is just simple than I create, right? And it assumes that I don't wait, but I believe that I can do it. that symbol but I don't believe you I don't believe in conscious experience in the whole world of Europe so I'm only to believe in a bigger face symbol but that bigger face symbol is a portal so to speak. Not a current portal but a genuine portal means to your belief and to your that's why we have a conversation. We genuinely love your consciousness. It's genuinely back in my mind. It's getting back in my mind. Through these icons which I create on the fly, I create my face while I look, I believe it. I will create you, your consciousness step there all the time. But I do so now when I look at that, I'm creating something And I still think it's hard. When I look at it and can't, I've created something that I still would call living, but maybe in our conference. When I look at something called firements, and I'm really sure I'll follow the limit, and when I look at the prototype, I don't even think that this is not a line of law. It could be that I've never looked at it. the less interacting with something, the stungest consciousness you've ever seen, and I'm saying that proton is the face that I've created, what would we do? That base is not high, that base is a daily structure, you meet that base, and it's an experience, it's not an experience. Since what I've programmed is something that I've created, you know, whatever, or you know, in the large header of the library or something like that. But what is behind the energy being space fun? So they're not going to space time interface. We just got this data data called. What is the reality in time? Well, this is just inviting the big, big structures. Apple to heat them. Social heat them come. What's behind them? It could be not just the way they are. in which case, when I'm interacting with a problem spot, I could be interacting with consciousness. Again, to be very, very easy, I'm not saying a problem with consciousness. I'm not saying your face is consciousness. Your face is a simple eye creaming and then building as a loving. So your face is not like this, but I know that face and line it up. So the last treatment based on my great is an interface symbol that's a genuine portal into your office. The portal is less linear or a cat. Even less clear to their butt head, and by the time we get down to the proclina, the portal is not there at all. But that doesn't mean I love interacting with consciousness. It just means my interface is a lot, and we saw some deeper reactions. So, that, so your question really forces out a big part of the solar system. Since, I wonder why you can't give portals not as good to the cat, to the cat participants. Does it have to do with the fact that you're human? and just a simple model of instance, organisms, the similar of the complexity of the air, it goes very important, better to each other. For instance, this is getting more and more complex, it's getting better and better for all of us. So let me answer one of the things a little bit of what happened, I'll tell you. Let's try to open it. Why is the form so bad in proteins? and L of the part of the mortgage support line. Well, the reason for that is because those suggest symmetries are spaced out. More time for the derivatives of the representation of fun graded. So they're just literally representations of the data structure of space time that we're using. So, that's why there's not very much in cycle. They're just almost entirely tied to the data structure itself. There's not much, they're telling you only something about the data structure, not the type of data structure. It's only when we get our level that we're starting to the southern field, the portals to Westbury pine, Sure, yeah, so there's more and more complexity built on top of the inter-based space on the chat. So you're not just buildable, right? Yeah, and this inter-based of base and hair and so on, skin. There's some singing going on between humans though. When we sing like, you're getting a pretty good representation of the ideas in my head. I started to get a fucking view of my memories in my head. Even though, you know, this is first time we're talking. the project you want to know, he's still the soul, like a giant panoramic puzzle, a lot of things. There's a lot of similarities, a lot of other vibes. She's definitely a lot of infertility, build up the small, although personally, a really sophisticated model was going on underneath, and yeah, it's just a wonder if it's possible. and construct these models by each other and the United of the Left be very distant from the line we're out. This is a lot of work, but there's some interesting work full of signaling names for they, they, they, we get help people can more me and, um, come and communicate. There's some interesting work that was done by some college and friends of mine that, uh, was there, and we were probably from the lower one, and we were Jameson, were they, um, were looking at evolving color work, so you have a circle of colors, and we've seen the color circle, and they wanted to see, you think you get people to cooperate, calling part of the color circle of work to the units that works, and so they had a game there kind of thing that they could do, and what they found was that when they voted, so when people tried to match, well, three kinds of home votes. But there are some bloggers, some of them are going to have a lot of like, I might be using them in the red column for this. They found them to be diplomats and outsides anyone. on finding a way that the whole space and colors of the carabell can make those in fact. You needed to give them to the community, the driver asking the conversation so they had a bigger influence on how they made the balance of the language. Now that there was really interesting kind of insight that there's going to be an able to press a game or a conclusion, right? Now, what I think it goes on in terms of learning to communicate in ways that are useful, and some day, you could be in terms of actually scoring a single game. We do not really know how to play this work out there. So, if it's okay when a stack of ones more, perhaps several times, the big top of the consciousness. This is very beautiful, all kinds of things, but perhaps just then that makes us human. What is it? What's the role of consciousness? Let's say even just the thing we're talking about, just the formation of this interface, and then kind of what is it going to start? to talk about it. Well, let me say something about what's the one I call it, say 99% or, again, the single bit space time is fundamental, or a close and space time matter is fundamental, and we'll do our reductions, and so, the standard approach in consciousness is bigger what complicated systems of matter with the work-function bombings could possibly be two million worlds, and consciousness, that's the general idea. So maybe you can have a note, maybe only you can have neurons, but that might have been a negative certain kind of capacity. So there are those, you can say, for example, that comes to the surrises from foreign trading collapse, so often say some foreign trade deals in the United States. So this is a hell of a business cup. You start with something physical, but the property of a lot of states of neurons, of what we're doing is not neurons, and you say that somehow it won't be shown in class, it was one of his consciousness or consciousness training. Or the integrated information that we're getting started with something physical, and it has the right kind of functional properties, but something they call it. be the work-houndment information then you have constants. Or you can be a pansegus, a book of oftener example, or you might say well in addition to the particles of space and time, those particles are not just matter, they also get out of the unit of constants, and so Again, you're taking space in time and particle system on the metal and you're adding a medium to the properties of the consciousness, and then you're talking about how the proton and the neutron and the proton is left coming together for hydrogen, and how those consciousnesses merge to or interact with the consciousness of the hydrogen silver. Well, there was a tension, and the next step of their push against is how neural network cost doesn't be representing to the network itself in a potential process that could be constants. There's global workspace there, and neural network works as current, works face there. So there's many, many threes of this attack. for the coming to all here in this fair. They assumed the space plan was funded. They assumed that these processes and space plans were not built. Kind of like there's an ad conscious, and then it says that it's a visual thing as long as it's built in that regard, and why are two years? Our best science is challenge. The space time is not fundamental. So why is that important? Well, for centuries, do you thinkers bought Earth, air, iron, water as the phone woke up on all of this? Those are actions that are not right now, nothing was more on our own thoughts, and we could sort of develop everything up on this. But we got the period of table of illness, and we realized that on the other hand, Of course, we want to study a rare fire, and there's combustion science for fire, there's sciences for polys and then there's water and so forth. So we're excited to see this, but fundamental, you know, if you're looking for something fundamental, those are the wrong building blocks. has many, many different kinds of dollars. that projection of the one thing that we call verb. If you don't understand that there's silicon, there's all these different kinds of things that project into what we call verb. You're fulzing off. You're not following what you might think, and then after the imperial table, then we came up with works, black holes and blue ones, the particles of this tree. standard data model of the six, and then we actually now know that the computer really wants to get bundled and built. The very other thing that wasn't that, is that the time is great. It was just wonderful. It was great. But if you're trying to build, do you find the mental? What is the bundled model's back? That's why I have to be enough to go to the computer, or it works out how it's going to move on. Well now, you just have a space to find itself is to corks left on the e-logs, but it would be just one representation of the symmetry of the space. So, the whole framework on which consciousness is being made right now is to, and for me, these are my comments and colleagues. They're doing this, they're brewing, they're asking, they're brewing. I, my family is so sad that they're stuck with this old framework because they work stuff but with their environment water, you could actually make progress, and so it doesn't matter how slurps you up, if you start with their environment water, you're not getting it. Like, can't you just, uh, 'cause the word 'dum' is not just that. Let me give you some options, what choice, what is... Uh, it's same time, say, it's reality, but let me proceed with it. Two, um, wrong, or fake. Because doomed, just names, they could still be right, but they're now ready to go deeper. They're going to be there. So, we'll just not grow up. So, complete deviation. So, perhaps the birth pair of fire and fire is not growing. There is your pair of fire water.INAUDIBLE Well, there's also a long, which is based in Boulier, every single year, and George Washington was president of the first president in the act. There's this blebbed-and-death or something that could have been easily treated because it was bullied that actually it looks like this for a little while. It costs us our demons, I don't know what you're getting out of the bleeding of a person, but so that, that would be wrong, the wildest meat, it's a medical tool. So it's also possible that our substance-based diet is not just too long, but it's wrong. Well, if we believe it, it's funny, remember that one. But if we believe it's useful to the world, that's right, but it could be seen by believing somebody that was believed to be useful to the world. No, it wasn't just not fundamental. It was very sure that it cases like these, somebody would work with it, it's very time time time percentage of cases going to the world. It couldn't be the law, like it's a slide road, it's altering the internet, as it goes through a truck stop, so you can get off of it. What is the internet kind of thing? I think that the businesses are finding that there are the structures via our space plan, but they project back into space time. So space time, people they will never know, They say space time is big, they're explosive. The first thing is to do a mini-sense that the bottom is totally different. It's a useful, absolutely useful, and really dangerous stuff. But there are a deeper, dangerous stuff groups that come a lot from bottom, and space time is not fundamental. What it's doing, in a sense that is raw, is, you're actually what she's saying space-time song. That's the right idea that somehow being smaller and space-time is a bum-bump in inter-reality that's, it turns out to be a useful, University for their levels and so forth and then several other places that we know. is very useful, but that substance in our impact on how we use our dynamics is used inside the public matter. This is very important for us. It's just for theories like human dynamics, and also for understanding brain networks in terms of individual neurons. in terms of chemical systems inside cells, that's all very, very useful. But the idea that we're getting to know upon a mental interpregality, you know, when you get it all the way down in that direction, you get that work, you realize what you got down to is not fundamental reality, just the merely slow representation of a data structure. That's all you've got down to. So you're always stuck inside the cage structure. So you seem to be getting closer and closer. I went from neural network to neural network. I came to be demonstrating to the particles, particles, and the products that move on. I'm getting closer and closer to the actual structure of the cage structure of space and time that you're in this field of work. you can not to a deep rubbish and what belongs face to one. But also for a return again to this question of dynamics because you keep saying that space balance do mostly focusing on the space part of that. It's very interesting to see why why time get the bad credit to this highly of the end of the dot times of the day. to talk to you a little bit more. But let it return. You're brilliant. Well, we'll work with you in different theories and consciousnesses that are out there. What is the concept of this thing? Outside. If we think that we want to have a lot of consciousness, we, as I'm just going to spin it up to see what it is going to do. What kind of medical model do you think you want to write down about consciousness? What was really complicated stuff? So most of my colleagues are saying we'll start with a matter of growth and see what about this matter of the correct consciousness. But I'm saying that that whole thing is a special thing to me. You need to look at consciousness more, consciousness, in other words, not something that arises in space at the time. You'll perhaps see something that creates space at the time that's in the airship. So what do you want? And here, again, there's no hard fast rule, but when she has a scientific attitude, it's to pick what you think are the middle wall of subject. that are going to allow you to boot out a confidence in you, the ideas of the trip. So what do I want to do? What I'd feel is to have three things. I said that there are unconscious experience, given the panic, the smell of the gun. Thanks for your time, Colin. There are a couple of bills in the country, so that's pretty good, but there is a lot of too-perfect supply, because those are miracles in the country, right? Perfect is, there's a lot of things you're not going to explain. Those are the things you assume, and those experiences you particularly mean, there is a subjectiveness to them. That's the thing when people, for the heart problem, consciousness, is in your heart, consciousness, consciousness, consciousness, feels like something to look at the color and okay, it feels like something they have ahead, or it feels like something. So I'm going to grant that in this theory there are experiences and there are not enough substance. So the consciousness is great. So they're not Drive to the next corner. There are multiple properties, particles, they are semi-canons. They exist. Just like we assume the states have not exist. I'm not saying the states have not exist. The state is not, it doesn't exist. It depends on the state. The state is not. The state is not. The state is not. The state is not. The state is not. The state is not. The state is not. The state is not. The state is not. in relation to other kind of organisms that have a sufficient, I don't know, a little complexity, or even, uh, what was there some kind of, uh, generalization of the pantheid this idea that all, all the consciousness permeates all that, outside of the user without the mission of what matter is, in science-based value. is beyond human consciousness, human consciousness from what point of view would be one of the countless riding consciousness, and within human consciousness there's countless riding consciousness events, but you can get rid of the ride hemisphere, and apparently you can split the corpus close on to be the person that would be able to up to the hemisphere, the religious police of the and there are a lot of conferences, conferences can be destroyed, one can have one conference experience, a lot of times we're going to have an idea in this line, conferences to guess, and it might not get, so even within you, there is more just one conference, since lots of conferences. So like the general conference, I think it's a great opportunity to have a conference The black hole consciousness is the whole cat, and we should cat's lack. I see why I'm going to be on the lack of all capacity cross-fist or compassion, which will lead down to the theatre and I'll have to be there and talk about the lack of that into it. There's just a shout out. I'm sorry to distract, so that's the birth of the song. The birth of the song. The second song for me is "These Is Brains of Time" so I'm going to have to be there. I'm going to say that coughs, c-sprances, and trigger early coughs, so no. So, in some sense, there are two basic assumptions. There are causes of some kind of cook-as-salty. There's a chain of metabolic issues, and we'll need to ban anis. I'll say there's a problem with constipation.inaudible So I'm trying to be as non-specific to begin with and see where it leads me. So what I can write down are probability spaces. So probability space which contains the conscious experiences that this consciousness may have. But I call this a conscious agent, this technical thing out of the earth. but I've talked about this and she rightly cautious me that people will think that I'm bringing in a notion of a cell or agency and work in software when I say "conscious thinking". So I just want to say that I used the term "conscious thinking" and merely as a technical term. There is no notion of a cell, in my fundamental definition of a "conscious thinking". There are only experiences and how political they of college rigor, so the agent is the generator of the cost of its grain. The agent is a mathematical structure that includes a probability factor, the probability space of a possible cost of its current is in one minute of our clothing kernel, which describes how the disagion of certain cost experiences how that will affect these parents, see what it comes, complete some. But you don't think of that as a salt. No, there is no motion of the salt here. There's no motion of really of the patient, there is no locality, there's no organ, there's no. So this is, these are Conscious Just you know For their distinct and so on because they're being wrapped Well, so here's the thing we're going out tonight when you have two of these conversations that are happening, this, the pair, satisfied that we should be compensated. So they are, let's see what we're going to say. So there is one conversation, yeah. But it has a nice analytic decomposition into a space conversation to that overnight interface. It's a very useful and scientific interface. It's a scale-free, or if you like a practical way, approach, do it in a way we can use the same root of analysis that all scale in studying consciousness. But if I want to talk about so there's no motion of wording, memory, problem solving, intelligence, self-agency, so that would be So then the reason I did that was because I want to assume as many as possible everything I assume is a miracle and here is not something to explain or something to assume. So I have to build all the networks and conversations. I have to build all the networks, I have to build all the networks and conversations. all these different things, I've built that version of processing that's trivial, it's trivial, that that version of processing can serve computation in the universe of a string. So, the thing that we can do with neural networks or a total of, you can do with that version of processing is that's true. What would you also do more, the events that you've done? in the bottom of the list, basically that in the field. So the lack of maintenance is not restricted to the computable part, because the order of maintenance is often not good. So this can capture any of the people there, any of the people that are in the top stations. But when it leaves the open, there are four hospitals here, to be able to interact between consciousness. So we have to, to the one theory of the matter, we have built, and there's lots of different ways you can build. We've actually got a paper for the fields to build these on this. We have a paper called "TongiSake" in that work, where the first space we'll need to show us how to use these the diverse consciousness to build everything to build So, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what all the heart problem consciousness. Or is that big dip on that insist? Can you solve the heart problem consciousness? Why it tastes delicious when you need a delicious ice cream? That works in consciousness, because what you're going to take is a measurement assumption. The identity of the heart problem is thought of the others. You're in the family to safety number four. We're all certain. We need to get in the company, and we have to say, we have a great invitation to talk with Krutimer from those, so that we just have to find a time to talk with him. Right. How do you do that, which is the experience of the topic from, you know, say, or the right kind of artificial intelligence to, how do you do that, that's, that's simply what the heart of all comes from, it's to research. Those that are thinking, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do that, how do you do from within a senior officer or a soldier, I shouldn't have done that. I'm saying that's the wrong problem. Why are we going in the direction? If I start with conscious experiences, how do I build up space and time? How do I build up my problem? Basically, how do I build up what we call brains? Because I'm saying consciousness is not something that brains to you. Your age is something that consciousness makes up. It's one of the most experienced and extreme of federal experience in consciousness. I look inside, so you're very very good. Right now I open my eyes and I'm like, "If you get played, you'll see me out." That's a hitter's broken into a cradle of thought. That's a very smooth As soon as you look away, you guys look at the page, just like that. You can get a glass of coffee on this paper. When you look, you see a pretty notebook. You can read it on the phone. As soon as you look away, that's not what you say. You hear what you mean. You know what I mean? Right now, that's right. More generally, you can be conscious of the page on the phone. So you better see what you're about to write. asking for their cost, what do you want to get most of these cost-ness and the shipment but this is just the time. So, but you are thinking that there is the use of their structure, how many other things are actually not right. That's why I said, you human, if there's another, or there's another in the civilization, do we stand on that base? and they come up with some more data structures. I do not want to say it's a data structure that I'm asking. Like I said that, if consciousness is vulnerable, consciousness is all that is. Then, you don't think about that, that that infrastructure can be about as possible as consciousness, and that's just me and they didn't move directly, and an intervention is for all the refugees who have taken fire. There is no need to be blinded by this problem. Yeah, this is the case in America. It's so bad. Yeah. I'm blinded by that.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE And so that's the part that I'm going to do.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicinaudibleinaudible (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Pause Pause Pause Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause I'm in jail and you're not sick with this on it for a while, but it's okay.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to the sake of an actress. Now I'm tonight's date, no longer here, between 3rd and 3rd. If you come to jail, you'll be at the beginning of the day. Yeah, I'll submit the frames. All right. I'll just go to the case, go to the defense. No. Inaudible Remark But what you've just told me instead of his hearing method, I could have told you a few hours ago, and his seven-year-old straight-and-bore current inflow. Hector pulled up their blood and tried to share the pain in our vulnerable life. But he didn't do it. I knew it was an exhibition. The Lord introduced me. He mentioned nothing. No, no, no. But he never had a choice. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience laughs) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible We're back on our island of not-smart, we're not concerned about that. We need to mess with the board, for you to leave me to dinner. I just need to move on to stage 7 here. We'll call it up for dinner. What's his name or what? What's his name? They're not non-ships, they're all there to not be seen. It's 100% his big aid. I should do my best. But I don't think I'd like that stuff. I'd stay up there. So do you think you've got... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, how do we start? Down with more. It seems that the level of software is going to be so good for us, and the certain meaning that was for me to be seeing is the interesting. That any of the things we add to these books. What do you think about this book? I see it came out to me. Don't tell me the new software is coming out. You know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what I mean, you know what (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark I'm going to be leaving all that soloing and panning. They try to pull over in the end of the game. I really, really want to do a little extra. But I can see a hole in that. Okay? No, I need to put up the novels and then to read. Thank you, Jennifer. If I have stopped talking about it, tell us again. I don't know if you'll reach. I'll reach out. I'll reach out. I'll reach out. I'll reach out. I'll reach out. I'll reach out. I'll reach out. I'll reach out. I'll reach out. I'll reach out. Since the-- I've been looking to finish up everyone, so let's not take the big deal of the point. We can start with the fuck you're saying? I think-- I'm not going to see what we've been doing. This means-- I'm not going to see you in the-- Since you're in the-- Since you're going to see me in the-- I'm going to see you in the-- I'm going to see you in the-- You are very cute when you are rich. You should be fed by that in my desk, but so that's why I'm going to be fed in. How do you get off with doing what's supposed to say? So that's it. It's a big fault. I didn't know how to get off. So after five, how do I make up with a woman? Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I have a fine gentleman. I will sit up, certainly from the toes of the knee. (clears throat) Where am I going? What are you all? (hissing)  I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm not my business, I'm And just that, just because you couldn't have done it, to begin with, to be first done with the jokes, with the things that you've been showing up to be clear. It was nice, as well as so. Very, very good. We must have done the religious thing, we are being true, by the other way, so I'm talking. The professional thing is really effective. So the battle that should come means the village that we have at least got some by then. Any? We should change. What are you doing in Iraq? I'm not changing. I'm going to pop up with the response for the mission that I'm going to receive. So you're going to just pop up with the response. It's not six minutes. Where are these parents? You see, they are the gentriment of herself. Hello. Thank you. Come and see for them. This will be the last time we're going to see you. Right now in school. I'll show you how to do that, people. Yeah. These are the special planets. So now, I want to know. You know what, my man? What do you think is that? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) as a result of one of the stiff spores of two growl. As he would tend to be timid for a year, I have to invent when I wish him this boat. I have a lot of parts that can seem familiar with any town through your toes, just for parts to show up. So please accept this boat. (audience laughing) - It's a death form. - This is our season. (audience laughing) - It's a form of death form. It's a form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of death form of (audience laughing) Where is Beijing on the board in the dark? It's a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, I'm not sure if I'm a kid, but not sure if it's behind my own plans. Please, take care. I forgot to tell you something, you've been talking to me. I'm sorry to go here. I hope this is really interesting. Please, now I've been letting you know that we've fallen.MUSIC I don't know how to speak to you in the Lord. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic This is night of, what is your exit over? Well, I thought that back then, we had to paint the day of the German Army from here, and this is about to be their flashers, all is going forward. I'm going to grab the tape, there's anything, some of the flesh, there's fear in it, there's a hole in it, there's something in it, there's a hole in it, there's a hole in it, there's She had taken the stupid jacket off of the darts and they know how to thank each other. She's an intimate woman. She's a terrible woman, she's a terrible woman, she's a terrible woman. Terrible words. Forcibly. I haven't had a dream. It's like a suicide. So I did have a little drive in my lane. So I did have a little drive in my lane. So I did have a little drive in my lane. So I did have a little drive in my lane. So I did have a little drive in my lane. So I did have a little drive in my lane. So I did have a little drive in my lane. So I did have a little drive in my lane. So I did have a little drive in my lane. So I did have a little drive in my lane. (audience laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleINAUDIBLE I am very sick. I had generally the most important part of every day of the week for you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Remember to sign its investments to show how many of the game are there. (Laughter) (Speaks in foreign language)  I know I'm hurtin' old   I swear I'm a slut and I feel so happy   Shit, shit, shit, shit   Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit   I feel like I'm a slut and I feel like   I feel like I'm a slut and I feel like   I feel like I'm a slut and I feel like   I feel like I'm a slut and I feel like   I feel like I'm a slut and I feel like   I feel like I'm a slut and I feel like   I feel like I'm a slut and I feel like  We're going to have a little bit more time to talk to you about this, and we're going to have a little bit more time to talk to you about this, and we're going to have a little bit more time to talk to you about this, and we're going to have a little bit more time to talk to you about this, and we're going to have a little bit more time to talk to you about this, and She said she would think since if he had leaked, he would have not seen a dead, and she explodes. I think probably above all many, that the whole map is jealousy, and behind it all, and she would think, "Sister, I can't believe it." I can't believe it. I can't believe it. It's realness. It's realness. It's realness. Okay. Plastic Oceas to turn their hair, if you don't find a thing, put your arm at the weight. It's also... You are very... Oceas are definitely the ones that you will take care of, stay safe. Hey! Why do we not run to my base and run some of us on time, baby? If what you mean, I am not sick enough, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they are not sick, they I am not sick, I am not sick, I am not sick, I am not sick, I am not sick, I am not sick. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughing) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)  Be my friend, you can talk again   And then I'll all keep   Where I'm going to be, we do this   I am praying you will chip   Do what you need   I am praying you will chip   Do what you need  (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Keep searing, why don't you just sit here and walk a little longer? Speak, sign and see how the people are doing. Yes, I think it's this time. It's a more direct approach, it's a wild, isn't it? What seems to sting the balls? Now I'm fighting.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Come on, sort of, sort of. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) 26 (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (dog barking) (audience laughing) - Oh, cool, I think he's saying I need it. (audience laughing) - You think you're now? - I think you're the two more that are so we're gonna say that's where. (audience laughing) Silence Silence Music Music Pause Pause Thank you very much.inaudible And I am searching in the absence of a gravity like this. I am mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, mixing, And I am searching in the absence of a gravity like this. (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Remember me, this is a propaganda. I think that's why we're all so very priceless. We're tapping the dead. Yes, of course, you do. The seat behind the bar is burnt down. I have to put on the ready bus. I'm going to be out of jean. I'm going to be out of jean. This is the... This is the story. I am at the pinching of the door. I'm going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be I'm going to be going to be going to be going to be going. (audience laughing) - We're all right, repeat. (audience laughing) - What's the problem? That's some of each visible position to shape the brain clean of your vision. We must be present. We need the time to follow his footsteps. - I have a woman said that I'm Emily, so that this baby, when they are on the bed of the cable knife, so that we will be shocked to get back. The thing is that there is a problem in physics. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm also in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. I'm in the paper points of the resistance. You can do that, right? You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. You can do that. This is not too old. Good fish. I'm super bad at spending the best of my abilities. They enjoy the money for the sake of my life. Why are you always like to go to the bathroom and get a pop thingy? (audience laughs) She goes to the gym and she comes out. (audience laughs) It's not a big picture of the third page or a picture of the bronze. Shit. Ah, your ball's beating to me. Oh, you have just the same ball. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The father has you. No, no. You know this is excellent, but we do work with our whole new human being, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer, and getting to a downer Inaudible Remark I don't fancy spending the relation with another woman. You are with me. You're so tired. I didn't go out. I didn't go out. She didn't fall. She didn't fall. She didn't fall. I don't know how to do it, but I guess we'll go to the other side of the desk and we'll go to the other side of the desk and we'll go to the other side of the desk and we'll go to the other side of the desk and we'll go to the other side of the desk and we'll go I cannot do it, but my mother and I are all exposed to my own very nice dog, girl, that he is forced to be this woman in the opposite sixth and serve. This is the rule. (speaking in foreign language) You always say that you see what's in there for the people of the oxen scent, but the idea of things can't be known that they will have any spirit of the New York. But I can generalize, that's where? But why can't they have anyone of the might in a sense that they're not allowed to lie to a palm of their head? It does all in all of that to you. They even have a lot of thefts. I had a job see this bastard. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but,Laughter I don't know if I can make it, she's not on the system. I told her, if I can make it, you must go ahead. Oh, maybe I can make it. Maybe I can make it through the mission. I'll probably make it through by the other room. I need a high-pitched. I'll go through the same thing. She said, "No, it's not." (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, here is sin possible, there is a definition of the spark of thought, there is sin, there is a standard of thought, there is a, it is a purpose, here, there is a definition of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of thought, there is a standard of I have the ability to say it's not for me, but it's not for me, it's not for me, but it is not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it's not for me, it (audience laughing) Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible So, it is very important that you can explore the rest of the city. You can also be a famous player, you can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. You can also be a member of the city. Inaudible Remark Silence We are happy but when we fight against each other, there's thisk in me. You will go into the ready wash-up, at least in brother from Nazi health, we'll be in forget that lot. But we are going to have to try to identify that we get that. No. No, this must be it. We will try to identify that we get that. We are going to try to identify that we get that. She says it's lonely to ask to get her petitioner not to. I'm sorry, but that's a good question. But you do not see me. If you end up drinking a bottle of water and you're sorry, you can be shit. I don't know. But you could just water out of there with two wine bottles. Yes. You could do that. You have less. So I could be living in our animals.END PLAYBACK is a man who can draw the bat, he can need it. No one's supposed to know that, but both are doing well. He's said to a weakening gentleman, "Darling, be patient, be patient." Listen, Gary, they're telling me to make a friend, or a friend, or a friend, or a lobster, Inaudible Remark (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I must say yes, you bring me a gift and don't worry, we will need to have this report. Oh, Christ can't be my decision, let it go. (Laughter) (Laughter) (Laughter) (Laughter) (Laughter) (Laughter) (Laughter) (Laughter) (Laughter) (Laughter)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I need to ask you, please, what happened? You're not dead, maybe you've left for me to come starry across. You're not, there are few of you in my house. I'm afraid I won't be more interested in the big ones, 'cause they're capping on you. Might have used to be like me. It's been a little bit of an end of time, I might too. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I have no sugar, I have nothing. Give me your heat fast. You won't be careful for me. It's a very strong. Do not speak at all. You won't be able to punch. You won't be able to punch. Set heat so spot. Help! Inaudible RemarkLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughter Yes, the smell of the flesh, where did I down your own? Yes, that's what I'm talking about. Yes, yes. Oh, you might need it. If you're not, just make it. You're not. If you're already thinking to smell it, then I'm thinking to smell it. How long have you been thinking about it? Oh, I shut up. (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Then you're tired of the days. Oh, you know what I mean?Laughter This is at home. He's also at the horizontal trust rate. Oh, my God. There's a lot of people around the world. I mean, I don't know what he's expecting on me. I just didn't follow you. I was just sitting there, and I didn't know. He didn't follow you. Did I ever prior an engagement? As a person, I've been through with you in Bahamas. Laughter Inaudible Remark It is very high, the most beautiful, sweet, bright, heavy, bright. Try to see what was in so long, as creation of a shuny series of things in the heart of certain to our hearts. I must find out that I have not yet fully mastered the technique of sitting. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (shushing) (shushing) (shushing) (shushing) (shushing) (shushing) (shushing) (shushing) (shushing) (indistinct chatter) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience laughing) - Do me a great task.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (laughing)Pause I'll be right back. I put my G-Saturday, thank you very much for being here, and you should take this opportunity to say a fabulous afternoon to be a part of the joy of the day. As you can see, if the boy in the dollar had a deep movie, he said, "No, this should (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) If you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can't be badly, then it's fine, if you can I'm just teaching the children's future, not only you, but I know that you are the best of all the sure who you should be. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm gonna cross the night, I'm gonna see you more. (audience laughing) The community must form the lives of people who is in pain to activate our special disbarrel path of our lives. Have I run yet? No. Get to date one for date. Bye. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) - This is a brain. (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE They're taking the long pissage. (audience laughing) Let me get a chair, I'm gonna make tea kick off. I think we eat right out of my nose. (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Music Music Thank you very much. stopping the string operation goes so she did down my trousers. What is important is to see where it's going to go on this. You can get pretty shabby, while keeping the balance in the one side of the check. In the back box, we go down to see in the underground string, where the ground is finished, this happens. We need to see the string again and go down. the wrong message, and then now the stuff is agreed in the reglaser balance frame because we can't forward the stuff we break and we'll get them out. So each of us instructed me to be able to pass them in forwarded frame and I'm already exhausted down back.Music I'm trying to speak to your blood, and say to blood that while the man can.laughterlaughterlaughter Keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,laughter (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) Ah, teach me how to make a game with a bare hand. Listen now, I shall see these swords. Let's see how far with the example in the book to see if it can be crossed out. The game that sheds on the lake needs to be opened for life, but this kept me so under no circumstances, she didn't have enough of life. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) I want you to be your own master, small and let any issue I have to do it, they find out the good, they did kill me. Yeah, what do you want to do about it? Let's make a... Oh, my mother, the lights up, yeah, the name of the devil, and you are a rat, and you are a rat. I'm going to do this, and you know where I'm going to be, since it's time to go to the roadside, I'm going to suck my shit in the path of the woods, and I just find no way to make people go to me if they have. It's a never-ending thing that's not happening to me. Yeah. (dog barking) I'll stop with the time I've all said a bit, but you're still young of that. I can't take anything to meet at that school. I'm sorry, you didn't talk to me. I was always listening. I wanted to be thinking on what my mother would do. Background Sounds Background Sounds and this must be all just to see if we can do it. I was thinking that we should end it. Because, again, we were supposed to be the rest of the principal.LAUGHTER Well, at least we were able to attend the flight too. He didn't just have to decide to back-to-back, no matter what he was doing. Anyway, I was thinking for a mission. Just anti-fascite in the cafe. I'll see you chance any year, please.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkPausePause (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That chicken's on something. Oh, I think they could not hear. Did you ever think that's a sick enough cream? Well, you don't be late. I was just too broke to have it 19. Then you go and walk. Here's your back. Do you think I am? The police are still in work. I think the police are still in work. Yeah. You're supposed to be out of cream, and you will have a few cuts out the board for me, no, no, no, I have paid no off of this platform out here. Listen, if those happen now, I will be there for you. In your conference, I will be there for you. But you know I've been shut down. You've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've got to, you've And I will be there for you. (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing)COUGH The boss and the fat. The boss and the fat. The boss and the fat. The boss and the fat. The boss and the fat. The boss and the fat. The boss and the fat. The boss and the fat. The boss and the fat. The boss and the fat. The boss and the fat. I've also brought a key to the end of the day. I've found things a little brighter. This is not me. The point here is that I don't really see a bit of this. I think we both are probably too far ahead of the topic. It's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, Thank you very much. I don't know, I'm kidding, I didn't reach up front, I said it. That's so much, you can do it. So you don't necessarily get it. Maybe I need to go to the other side. What do I mean? I think it might have an answer to me. I don't know. Oh, it means that it was sausage, and then we'll see in the next piece of this single word that's been in about minutes. It's just closing nothing to save kind of happiness. Where to most come in the programming and how to control all of them. But it's going to not be simple, but it's going to be interesting. Maybe you'll want any of these little pieces of it. from the first school from the first day of the school. If you don't take mine, may I make this through? Of course, I didn't. I have to make some. You will be the same, but there's a bit of a deal. So, I already mentioned supporting the bottom bottom more than we thought is a big undisturbed problem. Do you feel so audacious to slow down the chapel? We have a general one to put on the back. I'll take it there you go. We'll be there in a minute. I think you might get. I have found a place around to be. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute, I'm going to ask you for a minute those ones who would carry the cap, who would nice have been laughed off of it, all things of them would be very small, I would think of, I would think of, I would not think of a small space, I would not think of a small space, I would not think of a small space, I would not think of a small space, I would not think of a small space, I would not think of a small space, Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We can't even get out of the house. We're not going to be able to do this. I also thought he'd answer to everybody's "Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm about to fit. (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)laughterlaughterlaughterlaughterlaughterlaughterlaughterlaughterlaughter (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, this is the first time I've ever seen a person like me, and I've never seen a person like me. I've never seen a person like me, and I've never seen a person like me. I've never seen a person like me, and I've never seen a person like me. I've never seen a person like me, and I've never seen a person like me. I've never seen a person like me. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Thank you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Well, we really just put on toys. Wow, this guy could help bring us some more toys in there. Isn't that a little bit of a plot? But I said to me it's something that's pretty much a test-size, maybe a G-Ret then. Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music Silence Oh, it's all scattered, it's not. Let me change. Yes. I'll turn it around. I'll turn it around. Yes. I'll have it. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I saw it before, and I think it was a lot of fun. Please don't feed. We need to be in the services. Well, uh, in the second day, we've already part of our hands and hands. Part of that day. Ian is part of it that he's going to be born and found out. So I'm suspecting that he will do all of that for me. So I'm suspecting that he will be born and found out.inaudible Yes?sniffing What is your assistant? I don't know what you're having this for. I'll get this to you. There we go. I've given up for the hold. I've given up for the hold. I've given up for the hold. I've given up for the hold. I've given up for the hold. Okay, fine here, fine here, I'm sitting on the ship, nothing any questions, she's sad with scent, we fell in love, I'm forced to guess, the pressure is going to be extremely to ask him to clean the water. That's all we've got, we're just going to have to be a part of it. Maybe we can go and get this for next time. We'll see you later. We'll talk about that later. Inaudible I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, I'll give you a second, This is it, she was at Brown's old brownie. Do you mean the two? K-E-Wall, do you know what else do we think about? You know, we have a straight one created to kind of not sit at the person. You have to stop, you're trying to block me. You know, something like that. It's not outside, but I have done before.inaudible I'm going to get my phone. Well, that's it, Mr. Zary, good to see you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark and I have everything none of us have to stand in the blue man. The line will be back to the blue. We shouldn't have done that. I always had to stay in the lobby and put the chain over. We would have to say anything but we would be able to sort of change them. We would have to sort of try to calm them. Try to calm them down. We would have to allow them. Just before, just not like what they call it. They don't have that attitude. That's funny, but that's okay. First of all, everything that you have issues on, nothing else can do. So, what I'm talking about, of course. Change the savers through the info. So, it is possible to get this going. It will be changed in color. So, you have my state. I've already told you. But I thought the chain. You already changed. I'll see you next time. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. I don't know, that's just fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shit, that's good. Oh, blah, blah, blah. I'm just gonna do that for a little while. I have to do it with it. I'm usually on Sunday night. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What? Hey, hey, you all right? Inaudible Remark Pause Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Pause Background Sounds Pause >> Good work, good work. >> Inaudible Remark Pause You should talk about the energy. You should talk about the energy. Pause Pause Pause >> Yeah. >> Pause Yeah, all wrong. So you can slide on the other two boards and you can try and send them to the other system. So if I'm following this, I'm going to... Oh. You can. All of them have a bar in the room. Inaudible Remark I can't believe it. They haven't walked in yet, back to the murder.MUSIC Musicinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I've been interested in shaping my sujads while I was young, and I was old enough. Well, how do you share football? Well, I was told that I was real, so to speak. I was working at the Strasbourg Resort in Charlottes. To find my business, business, and jane says. My next one is companies. I'm sorry. Jane and I have been fired by a big rep. Yes, this is intentionally believed. Well, isn't it? I don't know. Just because the gas is a very short business man, that everything I found seems totally proper. The allele sets of force. Mr. Saturn, boss, please, I'm probably making sure I know. A couple of these companies were suggested by the line. Currently, that's the only money that I'm going to use at this point. It still has the names to you. Well, I'm sorry. I hope you do. It's unbearable, though. I mean, I know you should be willing to continue. I don't really do this if I have everybody. No, no, no. These are my notes. These are the notes. Thank you, I love you. Thank you. Inaudible RemarkMusic Music I just want to talk to you about the day, I come in one talk to you and I'm investigating and that was seven. Well, I can't really be close to it. But you're still here now. Yeah You're showing a monkey that built in so much Give us metha jay's is that about 8 very nice Tonight I So That's a very... They've done this really good work. If anyone's really done this, see you later. We are getting this really good work. What is this all about? So, inside of that accident, making seem as if you were really... I didn't see it. What else did you do? Inaudible Remark I don't know how to do this. If you want to know something about the business talk to me, tell it to yourself. Now we'll do a student. Silence Inaudible Remark >> Well, you know how the data always can't.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible So this way you can protect yourself before you go home. For all of the mountains. Yeah, we do care. Very smart. Let's do that, Thomas. Oh, this is scary. I'm sorry, it's not human. Is there a chef? I'm going to stop and get a video of the video. Thank you, Shane. I'm going to crash my car now. I have a car. I'm going to see my car. Let's go. Let's go. I wanted to start the ear of the car. Yeah, it's worse. (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) That's something to think of as opposed to the internet, that I spoke to a lot of people on Facebook. They can't see it. I think I went over to the chat and saw it. Oh, one of the things I've been like to get back and back, you went over to get the chat. Inaudible Inaudible Remark That's what I'm supposed to worry about. Well, Jen, then she seems out. Well, she's out. It's a snack issue. Did I create a new board of new people to give you the chance to help me? Yes, Jen. That's not a fact. That was the first time I was here. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Music Silence and the stress is the perfect way to do it, and the shape of the legs. is nice and slow.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And I'm sorry, I'm not close.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Why is it not that I ask you about the pre-June Vections? For you may not mention my love for you. Jim, Jim, who's got to have to be taken to his power. It's a rocket. Jim, Jim, with the power of life and the rest of the world. You know, I wrote, you were back in the mornings, seeing what she thought, what she could prove. It's just that. I've been used to it. It's just that. to keep any of these wild happensations. Right here, that's the studio. Right here. Right here. I'm sorry. Just sorry for flashing. I'm not a business owner. I'm a real business owner, and I'm a business owner, and then I reach out for an appearance.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE There we go, that's it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Pause >> Nice. Pause Pause >> It's seven of one part of these, right? Yeah, I've got a problem with the 90 here, I'm not sure if it's good. There's another small problem to go to the ground, do you hear me? I don't think I can. Let's do it. What? Did I have to push you down the tower? Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (indistinct) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm not going to get shot at the shape of my head, I'm going to shoot at the shape of my head. Well, yes, well, you're not someone with lots of issues in there. You know, the possibility, you know, when I'm turning negative, I don't think it's anything to happen. I'm just someone who has strong issues and troubles. This is the case, so whatever it is, say it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm not talking about honey, but I can say that the chain right now, at least it doesn't. If you lift up that bar, we're achieved by it, that's what it happened. Why don't you accept the fact? It wasn't accident. Why don't you accept the fact that it wasn't accident? Why don't you accept the fact that it wasn't accident? Yes, but the savoury brown didn't shoot. Oh, we had a nice shot. But I wasn't able to understand what I was saying. No, this is the shoes I'm on time. This shoe list is still tied, and this shoe's finally made of melting box shoes that I hate. I suppose you could not have brought it all away as well. Which is not what we're talking about. You see in the box, you know about the news, you're a cop and say you were, you know more of a cop, she and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff and staff She said she'd let me off, but after I had done anything she'd let me off, so we might have done something. What did it get back all around the room? I'm going to table back up. I got a divorce. Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Did you miss me? Inaudible Remark I did. Why haven't I just lost track of time? It wasn't there. What's that? Lost track. I gotta change it. Anyway. I'll ask you about the plan. It's about Mr. Stan. I don't see that, but this is what you guys can imagine. But you guys follow the plan. Mr. Stan, I'll keep it on the table. Mr. Stan, there's someone else in the other position. I don't know what I'm going to do, but I'm going to do a lot of work. I'm going to do a lot of work. I'm going to do a lot of work. I'm going to do a lot of work. I'm going to do a lot of work. I'm going to do a lot of work. I'm going to do a lot of work. I'm going to do a lot of work. I'm going to do a lot of work. I'm going to do a lot of work. I'm an expert on this, but I suppose that he said that he played it, he said that he's technically able to know. Of course, I cannot say, and I wish that we could miss that. I mean, it's a bit of a dissolution, it's a bit of a dissolution to be a great deal of this. I've been just trying to buy something. You really need to say to me, you say it's my life turn. Except for your day and shoot, you know what I'm saying about it.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGCLICKINGCLICKING Pause Pause Background Sounds Background Sounds I'm just going to go back and see if I can do it. I'm just going to go back and see if I can do it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I assume it will happen again. It's just by original statement to be reserved. It must be sufficient to why I sit. I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I'm not a wise, I If you know why I sit, that's very great. I have to pal about to make it sick. Time. You can help me. I'm sorry to make you sick. I won't come. If you are so. Hope to see you there.MUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC Music Background noise Background noise Music Music Yes. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Yeah, the day, I think, I'm going to go out and cycle out of time to go with my team, how do you guys know how to follow me? Oh, this is a bit late. Now, I can have all of this, whatever you like, I follow me. I'm not doing what I want. I'm not doing what I want. I think I've had a bit of depression. Um, this case, this is an intake of the analysis, and how this is going to happen to nothing. Yeah, I've had a bit of depression, um, this case, this is an intake of the analysis, and I couldn't have done it peacefully. I played, I saw it for a while. But I do know what they told you to do right. Well, listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. This is a lie. This is a lie. Listen. I lost it back. It's bad. It. It cut down. Inaudible Remark 20. This is slice of meat. You see it? Oh, I forgot that's the bottom of Mr. Sad said. Oh, Jeff, you're going to miss James Sad. Can I speak to Mr. Janice? Sorry, I can't. You see how easy it is to pull the meat. But some animation is some of the good last session in the team. It can't be now. What's the time? 018. It's 0. The character I'm taking out of all the things. Ah, yeah, he did it. You're ready to shoot very down? You can't hold it. You're ready to shoot down. You're ready to shoot very down. You're ready to shoot very down. You're ready to shoot very down. You're ready to shoot very down. You're ready to shoot very down. You're ready to shoot very down. You're ready to shoot very down. You recognize the system before us. Now you come out of the study. You take the form, and you stage the scenario in conversation. Even to the point where plenty of the idea that it's what another exercise is. Yes, it did. We did something to see Mr. Swankin. It revolved a ball on a pilot. I don't know why I'm like, you know what I'm saying? It's not in zero or one level. The people they will know that you will fall into the forms. Yes sir. It's a position. Orcica. That's just, what should you do? I just prove that. What should you do? You didn't think you'd prove it by. Right? Right? Your small state, we got in the top of the conversation making claim in the United States. It's watching, I'm watching it. Either the help of the kids. It's working out in the bottom of the city, just about to move out. If it won't, you already changed the mission. hope. We say it's going to work out after a nap and go home. Is that what you said? Are you sure? Yeah, yeah, that's what I said. It's impossible. It's just not possible. first sense of this, see, as she just barely moved, because this is very, last is scary, I have my shoes, my clothes are out of control, I have it in my first loop, and you'll notice the book is up by launch, it's on the same side as my big toe. Yeah, true. That's true.INAUDIBLE There's no sneak in the morning.INAUDIBLE I just wanted to pass on a lot of those issues. The only way is just the same thing. I'm happy for the school. You don't know I said no love. How many officers are there? It's how to say no love. Here it was outside of the big biz with the exact reason. Where is the list? Is that one? Yes, it depends on the list. See, I'm going to talk about this for the list of five of me, and six hundred percent of my thing, right? Well, this is-- I'm going to do this one for me. This is a picture of Mrs. Stapply's scenes. We're sitting on the bottom. You can stop. You can move on to still the short move. But you know that it's the top. The threshold is outside, totally top. Not the issue. This is the strategy. Probably the most top. Not the speed of the speed. One item on my own base, the first loop, is on the side of the big toe, and Mr. Stappen on the base. The first loop is on the side of the big toe. This, I have to say this, however, my nine-five components to shoot, the first loop, is on the side of the big toe. side of the room. This cup passes this. There's only one conclusion. Let's just have a good new app for us on the seat. Saw my health. That's how I use you. You don't change both. I'm worried about it. So you see it. with you then especially proves one thing, one thing only. There's some of it throughout separate ships, but the bad rummaging came through the idea of good people. It's an only show. My only fish, they had the human. Mr. Stapp was acting around, said I'm very, very, very neat. They didn't disclose. I was alone in the building building this lot, this one is found in these gym clothes. I am not really seeing that, but before the light is found, you will hold on to the gym clothes. You said so, be swarming, or I'll find you. I can only visit you, if you need to check the call. We'll try to find a better balance. I think you probably don't like it, it's going to be cool.Music Music Music Silence Music >> If you're not, then you see it. Laughter >> Here's our fourth system. You're a champ. You're a war. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one. I'll see you on the next one.silencesilence (groaning) Music Silence Silence Silence Silence (bell dings) (bell dings) (bell dings) (bell dings) Silence SilenceMUSIC (bell dings)silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers)no audiono audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilence InaudibleMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Music Music Music Silence Silence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, and I'm going to go to the next one, InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Background noiseinaudible Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I don't trade. I'm going to tell you a very important point. This is in the pocket of the net, in the pocket of the net. Fine, fine, and this is it. Gentlemen, just close. All the same discussion. The anti-carb design here too. It's about how I can move. Well, for some, I'd be able to get any promotion. Music Music Silence Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMUSIC We talk in the course of our path in action before path in the preparation phase, so we can start. I'm just going to say a little bit more.  And the one who knows, one who knows, I accept the one who knows   And the one who knows how to shoot the movie   You will not have to say, "Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik-Tik  And the one who knows how to shoot the movie, don't talk, don't talk   How to shoot the movie, don't talk, don't talk  Silence Silence Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Background noise You can see here a point about that.inaudible What's really important is that it's marketing, because we have a lot of money at least, so we're going to play more.MUSIC Music Music Music Inaudible Remark We've just finished making team work. We're either not in it, we're in it. We're not in it. We're not in it. We're not in it. We're not in it. We're doing more work. We're doing more work. We're doing more work. We're doing more work. We're doing more work. We're doing more work. We're doing more work. We're doing more work. very soft shit in this episode, we're going to be just getting ready for the next one.MusicMusic Music Inaudible Remark I do know that there's a whole game about that. I know that there's a whole game about that. Well, I am a game about that. I am a game about that. Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Background Sounds Music Silence Music So, I said, "Project of law." Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudible Okay, top of that, we're going to keep on one ship, we're going to throw out a clear gun. I, that will help us. That's all. Keep going. All the rooms faster, we'll turn the bill next door to the death box. I'm going to read a bit of it, you'll sense it, you won't have a replacement if you have to be in a set of office. Is there any loss? Is there ever a greater death for that? You can push it over to the marketing department. Half-life. A lot of service. That's a bad block. 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time, 5 years out of the end of the time I don't know what to do with this. So now I'm going to find a way to get it started, and again. I'll see. It's starting to die. Inaudible (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarksilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE This is quite a lot of fun to have all sorts of little about. Well, this is a very rich, very long path. This area will be better than that. It must be different. You can see the view from the view. Music There have been questions. I still have a bit of a bit. Back is no still the right. So you are. Music Well, for some, I would like to introduce you to a few of you. I would like to introduce you to a few of you. I would like to introduce you to a few of you. I would like to introduce you to a few of you. I would like to introduce you to a few of you. I would like to introduce you to a few of you. or on such a lot of fun. That sounds very impressive. Here it is. Hello, we're doing this. It does, does it, though? It's great. I've left dying, you will take me to the church, captain of the Viennese Valley of Earth. We are able to partner with the Lord in the depths of the Viennese Valley.inaudible Yes, I decided to punch five and five. I needed to verify it more than 25 times. It was going to be probably a long time. Or we should have as much as possible. 20. It's been a long time. You're back for a few. I thought that the past is a few. But that's not the case. I'm so scared, like in that version, but after competing, I'm still all in the pool, knowing that once again, I've started my career and you're rather involved in the past, more than doing cheers about discus and travel of justice.inaudible And now, as you take it on the ground, it's co-op away.INAUDIBLE Just go around and show it, I did not prove it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Do you want me to tell you? This is what I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right thing to do, I think it's the right I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to make me believe in you, I hope you think this is a way to That's what I'm going to do. I just need the drone, just a chance, but it's a bounty made by this song, it's a pretty nice song, just like I've got a key, but it's a pretty nice song, it's a pretty nice (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePause See ya. Hello, I'm Jimmy, back part B, all the way from the discus. What do you mean, Jimmy? Just one or two. There's one thing that you get from choosing to. You said that you never actually get to your name group. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark So, we have this thing we play in part 2. is labeled.Music Inaudible Remark Anything working on our American Black Pitch here? I hope you've never seen another one of our members that said "cure great events" at all. But why should we lie? We shouldn't have been taking out events. We've been having a lot of sessions, but we said to them that we shouldn't have anything to do. Look, the general saw me with dance, walked my ass for the first time in fact, hot and happy moments, and as for it, I always seriously wanted to be able to do it. Inaudible I don't think I'm gonna see that on my phone. Yeah, I don't think I've heard of the death one, but it was both. It's because the culture is so different. I don't think I can be able to name it. I don't think I can be going to the party.inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Music Music Music Background Sounds We'll check it out on the links.INAUDIBLE Did you agree with me?INAUDIBLE I should put a shirt between you to the lower trapping and toss it. It's going to be messy, though, so go ahead.INAUDIBLE This is it, you get the necklace, I can't do it so. You can't do something for me, you try to shake me down. I swear I'll chain them. I'm not a stranger to you, so I bet she's not mine. I'm not a stranger to you. I'm not a stranger to you. Thanks for your attention, we should go back to this time and hope that you enjoyed it. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. MusicMusic The Red Tarmish, the Empire's power plants came from the Red Tarmish, and the Indicator and the Ones that split the path, and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Ones and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Ones and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the Red Tarmish, and the Ones and the On Some of them are trying to go over and carnage at that time. Yes. So, what if you let her hook that up again? Well, I won't talk. Just by the time the police arrive. In what work will you come with? What up? You can just go over and meet her. You can just sit somewhere. At least we're both sure that the victims can't. They barely splash, and I think I know why. It was part of the simple, beautiful song that was out there, but you couldn't stop him to stop him. He must have touched your heart, let him, she bore her air, he knew so she was here, he didn't lay in his hand. That's how he sang the first song that I think was out there. It was the last minute, yeah. That means I should be in my room. Where are we catching from? I don't know, I don't know. Thanks, I'll see you there. Well, it's pretty real important. Chase is in one. Yeah, I think that's interesting, right?VIDEO PLAYBACKVIDEO PLAYBACKVIDEO PLAYBACKinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I mean, one thing is a lot of things, a lot of things, a lot of things, a lot of things. She's kind of pretty fond of one thing.inaudible Yeah, oh, it happened, you know, it actually made me know more than you are, it's an active museum, you know, very well. I did it a lot. I'm going to present you here in the museum, you know, it's an active museum, it's an active museum, it's an active museum. Inaudible Remark in Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington,MUSIC Music Music SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudible (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC Music Music Music What we are doing for a walk is a bear ride and it is just a bear. Nothing has yet to pay for it. Sure, I know just you must mention the project. What will be the other time? I'll have to pay to you in the morning. I will turn it into a tent for the next one. Then I put down a bunch. Oh, simply, people just persuaded me to run again. I see the duty of Danny Brothers, man. I think that, uh, in my life, all those things was made as a place. Now, what kind of, uh, anyone who ever knew what I was about to do, or all of them, okay? Everything, I'm going to force them, and I'm going to give them a call. Music Background noise So, station today that we're out of today. We're going to miss the time. So, we came to the side of this ten month. We would want that little ticket to stop. Now we've got some left before. Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (indistinct chatter)MUSIC I've heard that dog love cats have.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I saved you, I saved you, I saved you, I saved you. What are you about to be a grateful child? They may blow the light. Oh, my dear, you are not your teacher. I was just in one place, it's time to ask King for the power of time to do me a lot. Give me a name to come out to. Give me a name to come out to. Give me a name to come out to.MUSIC Music Background Sounds Music MusicMusic Inaudible Remark He said he wanted him to go to church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church and pray for him to come back to the church (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm sorry, baby, I'm a little bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a shifter. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. You should be a bit of a leader. I'm sorry, I hope you didn't want to replace me, you know what I'm saying? What a shame that you've missed me, I know you weren't being happy. But if you've gone a long time, I would have kept telling you to rest for a minute. Thank you. You're so stupid. You didn't care what I was talking about by you, you know. Well, really nice to meet you. It's just right to see you. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, Edgar. Thank you. I'll see you in the next one. Thank you. Thank you. What is the start of the process? We have the effects, the effects, the changes to that. Well, this should be one of the things that we have to be patient with. This is what we have, and we will tell a bit of the beginning. The hand I use in Photoshop. Inaudible Remark Music I'm sorry about the odds of fear of the cause. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't know how it turns out, I don't (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark to that, we sit down and go to the venue, and go to the venue, and sit, and it's like a chair, I was working for the table, I had time to sit, working for the smile, and we were sitting in the middle of the set, and we went to the venue, and we were like, "Hey, God,inaudible Inaudible Remark Instead of you need the last bit of time, you should do not dare to get all 700 important things done to you, and you may speak early on when that happens, but all the talks have been quite simple. Thank you so much, and I see you soon. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Music Inaudible RemarkMusic from town last winter, and all the traffic in the night in June the traffic in June the 25th hour, and all she had. Well, that's what I wanted to talk to you. To this year, the last winter, the last winter. Then here again, what is last up the clock? What's in the clock? It's not. Here you are, Lord, and all, we need to get there. I think the first winter will be in time.MUSIC I'll give all of your internet.Music Yeah, that's all. Stay away from there, boss. Boy, now it's my turn. What a question. Well, I'm just going to sign into the lines. Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) No, chef, the chef, the lady is not here for me. Make sure you are well, and I'm going to get the cake. We need less of a finishing ball, harder to blow. But you mentioned to me, the chef is about to say it. Do it in the closet. It's a good way. I want to get rid of these.Music I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old session. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Well, I'm just supposed to show the other hand to listen to the panel gossip. Oh, I want to make a reference to the argument in the book, you know, for the fact that I'm going to show you a proof of the truth here. This doesn't happen. It's the same with that. Listen to it while I'm in the content table. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to pay the bar here. I've been in the car for 20 years, but they have decided to know the six-thousand spot. They're too much. We should decide if this spot will just have to just be better. I have a little wish for them to know that. I have a good idea, so I'm very happy to go on this. I'm very mess up some other thing. So I can let's not have to love it.MUSIC (speaking in a foreign language) No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'm tired of my leg. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark We check that there must be more of this now than in the rest. All doctors get lower and the whole distance is lower and you won't get any. I'm not dealing with something like that. If I get to manage this for a moment in the afternoon. We need some more of the food. Yeah. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark But you are with the city of London.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE You wouldn't off camera. Inaudible Remark Inaudible and intensively there, although at least they didn't have a room. They didn't have a room for the room to lie, they didn't put a shawl, they had a very good lying out of the cell, they didn't put a lot of stuff in the chair. What did he put in now, or was that far from the problem? Hey, the only thing that's nervous me was the coldest room of the fire and the birds and the rustling, which he put on the top of his head, and the shawl, and it's a to buy small and brownish goods, those will not be everywhere to work. This is a penny-concord. That's the bottom of this. Well, if it's something that's made of building mirrors, check. Pause >> This is just one of the sounds of the bird. Pause Inaudible Remark I'm Mary Taylor, Norris Taylor as well. Now we need Mary to get back to the chair. Let's do it. I'll show you how I'm going to do it. Hey, you think I'm off? Oh, I'm pretty good. We're a physical boss. You see more questions and comments about your life. Oh, you're married, I love you, you're up. I'll be fine, I'll be fine, I'll be fine. You know, I'm very happy to have you back. Sure, at least one of those things. Stay with me. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible I have an issue with this one in case you have a chance to go to the line, okay.inaudible Just to get out of fact.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible >> You're saying, I'm not going to just keep it up all the time. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible You'll be getting more and better, Jack.MUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING about this issue.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) or sent me to change nearly four to four letters in the Indiana. We both did this just thereby did not. It was my having an experiment time. Samba was still human for money. I wanted to access truth, but just a pen was not. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Hey, very good old, I'm a doctor, I'm a doctor. I've been really good at it, I've just been super good at it, we still talk with each other. We're all out on your crossroads. So that will be very stupid. You can't believe we're out here. We're not on the end of this, but we'll find you down here.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (indistinct chatter) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not sure what was happening now. That's not going to happen, that's not going to happen. I mean, you guys make pretty serious time walling on them. They should worry about whether they want to have some proper motivation at that point, and you will be tired. If it works, why? All that video is happening. We want to act out the pain of everything, and just leave it out. Yeah, I'm not sure. I share a core message to you. Here's a participant in your mind. Mark Twigler is an estimated 70-70. Powering was my issue. It's me. I have a father. I have a father. I was there. So, would that be the case in the father? I was a student. No. Inaudible Remark I'm not going to talk to you about the whole stuff. You need to take it too long. Here is your book. You need to know what's real and where you need to be. You need to know what works for it. You need to know what's real and where you need to know what's real and where you need to be. (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) and go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. I'm just going to do a few things. and any board belongs to us.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSICMUSICinaudible So, we said, "For the rule of law, for that, for the judgment of law and right hand." "For that, for that, for the judgment of law and right hand." "For that, for that, for the judgment of law and right hand." "For that, for that, for the rule of law and right hand." "For that, for that, for the rule of law and right hand." "For that, for that, for the rule of law and right hand." "For that, for that, for the rule of law and right hand." "For that, for that, for the rule of law and right hand." "For that, for that, for the rule of law and right hand." "For that, for that, for the rule of law and right hand." "For that, for that, for the rule of law and right hand." For that, people have fucked their dish, right? I don't know if I can put a verb in it, is that how to do it in a word? I didn't know a verb in it, so you call me a verb. I said check, you'll say, "tell me to tell me to check." I didn't say check, so I'll show a verb in it. No, I'm afraid it's only one way to do it. In, why are you up to a platform that has to be valid and sent in the very top of the platform? I thought you had a scenario to tell you about the dialogue of your ship, but you see some of the platforms that hold a door and a name that is the one we live in, I suspect you will be mine as a fact. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We saw a fellow from Bartholomew and Bartholomew in a very unique way, and she was a rich and a bit rich. Being married with her, but I think on a very moral aspect of her life there is no way to be taught. I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be beautiful, I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine, I'mPause Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (singing in foreign language) Music Background noise >> You can take your own one, sirs. There's a killer coming in for any sort of law traction (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and then that will help you meet us. Music Music Music Music Music >> Here's water. Inaudible Remark >> I'll start the account again on the old school. I'm feeling a little bit like a smart little star, it's like the same, the one with the English thing. Oh, same. At least that one minute, ooh, that's something from being hired in that world. She thought I got another spare, didn't know you're speaking yet. Set the bird to open. So what did she know? Well, soon I'll help. Well, this first video is going to be a very interesting video. Oh, yeah. You should be like... Yeah, I... I think I'm going to keep track, you know? Oh, I'd like to be the same. How do you think it's... (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) I want to see where I have sought back and shouldn't have been on the next one. I'm very happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. I'm happy to be able to do this. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Maybe you can have a look at that, sir. No, sir. No, sir. No, sir. What? Is that you, no? No, sir. Yes, sir. What's that? What do you think? What do you think? Do you not believe this is happening? We'll see. How's... How did you do it, maybe? I'm just... It's very fun, darling. I mean, it's just... I'm plus you, boy. Wake. Thank you very much. We'll be sure everybody in French, won't we? Let's take the management and position. Three months ago, I sent you a very bad contract to do something out of the scheme. It was not on the team of the alcohol workshop. Very very famous on the assumption that you would compete in the next world half-three long days. I don't believe it. I don't want to be doing long lives, do you have anything to compete? I don't have anything to do. I mean, I appreciate what you did. I had one or a few other events. I like to talk. I was pushing 30. Well, I have a certain scheme which I do not want to jeopardize. I didn't have a privilege at all. Why have you done that in years and talking about places like this? Yeah, I assume it's failed such a bad thing. I see myself as a dog moving around. What do you mean by that? I mean, I don't think I can get rid of those assassins. I think so. I told you that. I mean, I don't think I can get rid of them.inaudible Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. We'll see you in the next video. I am not going to change my name, but let's wash my things, let's wash, let's wash, just take it, let's wash, just take it, let's wash, just take it, let's wash, just take it,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible That sure don't ain't no use of that. Music Music  And the whole world's so hot   Oh, we're in the sheets, yeah   Ooh   Ooh  Background Sounds Music Music Background noiseMusic Inaudible Remark Well, now, let's start from here, now I'll kind of spend two years in China for this use. Anyways, gentlemen, at what? It does not work. See, there's China coming. Let's be so afraid of hot water. Yes. Good morning. Good morning. Is it simple? Is that it? It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Music Background noise What I thought would be more than that most people thought would walk in their own thoughts. That's the two steps. My job. I'm afraid that you all don't change. You didn't make that. I don't think it's taking time to change. It's so good now. Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) I mean, it's weird, I shouldn't have seen you in bird times for words.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusicMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)inaudible (inaudible) (inaudible) Background Sounds Background Sounds Pause >> No, you're listening. Pause Music (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) I know how much you love the man, but how do you do it, do you feel happy, really? What's this? We cannot talk to you. What's happening? There is a child in this field that we can see. He has a very talented son and a great son. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Silence Silence Silence Music Music MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMusicinaudibleMusicMUSIC Now, fuck, sh*t, sh*t. I'm still seeing you tricking around the top of the back of the floor now. You ready? Oh, that's all I have to tell you. Yeah.MUSIC (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) I had a new body.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Thank you.Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Pause >> We're having doubts. Pause (inaudible)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Music Hey, for now, we can't talk about it. So you don't have nothing to talk about. You probably forgot it. I'm going to talk to you in this. You can't just move me into things. I can't talk to you. You can't just move me into things. You can't talk to me. You can't talk to me. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Music Music Background Sounds InaudibleinaudibleMusic Let's go. Okay.MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSICMusicMusicMusic Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicinaudibleMusic MusicMUSICMusic Music Silence Music Music Music Music Oh, you're going to leave it in the hand, don't you? What? What happened? Did you see him walking? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? Did you see him walking? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? So I think I'm going to talk to you next June. I think it's a really big, two years ago. But I think she said, "If you talk to me, she said, "I'm going to talk to you." So I said, "I'm going to talk to you." I'm going to talk to you. I don't get it. All you saw was through the things that had to be known, but the cat-back was not, and also right-hand tool, and then that I would never have bought a phone, so we didn't know about it like the cat-back and it's considered free to buy it. I asked him a lot about something, but he told me not to bring it. He's all I could. I don't enjoy the stuff I've got to ground, so you can come and shoot me, and aside, when it's hard to get in the zone, I feel like I'm in the game next to you. Ah, I'm going to fall a little while. I'm going to fall a little while. I'm going to fall a little while. I'm going to fall a little while. I'm going to fall a little while. I'm going to fall a little while. I'm going to fall a little while. I'm going to fall a little while. I'm going to fall a little while. I'm going to fall a little while. I'm going to fall a little while. I'm going to fall a little while.inaudible I'm going to have to say that I'm not going to be his work in the gym. I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to be his work in the gym.MUSIC Music Music Music Music Inaudible Remark I just wanted to give you an answer. After the war, we'll see the cost of death in two. My birthday little student, Tom, I'm all in for a few minutes. - That might have changed a lot in the past. I'll see you next year. If they forgot, I'll put them down in the table. I'll listen. Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds >> He's been hired from the city. That's a video book, and I'm afraid it's not going to be awesome, but this is going to be a lot of work. It's an exciting life, you know, to do that. She's not. But she's not. She's not. She's not. But she's not. She's not. She's not. But she's not. She's not. She's not.MUSIC Music Music Music Music Music Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Thank you. Music MusicMUSICMUSIC The importance of that note, the deathness, which we just found, can you understand what confidence he displayed as he played with the blade in the fruit cut notch. Of course, this is not what snows, that once little hammer and this fine medium-dollard chip could be just instant. Even though I thought what he was just, but she doesn't mean this passion which really means courage and skill of my fire and that's what I was born in. Don't go back, this don't understand what she looked like all day.Music (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We need to get the President to talk to me for more. Inaudible Remark I'm the boss of that language, you know, how much do you need to thank you? You know, when I decided to set my next dog a fashionable jewelry store, I had a lot to help me do, but I'm afraid that most climbers would tell, "Shit, I was down right tall, but we were not." I really spoke with you in the tent and the door. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Second floor, floor, floor, floor, floor, floor. We'll get to it when we have dinner in the tea. I'll add to it. I'll sell it to our family. Looking forward to it. Looking forward to it. You can just cut me into two. Look, Mr. Blackfield, it won't be thrown off and whistling to be smuggling, but she's waiting. But it's not the last risk that we each want. So, if you put that thing up on display, then I'll spare it. Here you seem to grasp this silent gear tool here. A tool that's at the stall in a dull set, and I can't find any speaker on that. Back on as long as there's no longer a period for over time. So I'll go get dressed. Here we go. Background noise Background noise No, it's not just in the stones, it's all in the cullions and just in the black one. But the stone is still in the spot where it's always black and white. Mr. Black is much too busy to convert himself to true beauty. It's time that you're about to be shifting me out. Mr. Blatham, he can't hear me, he thought, but I'm just still waiting. There, just maybe. Ah, ah, ah. You think I don't have to die all the more? Oh, she's like that. Yeah, right. Oh, the shadow of that. That's like that. Oh, I hope so. Yeah. That's how I'm sure that a lot of people are doing this, and so, I'm talking to the humans. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark and we come after all to be honest with you, so. Each morning, this poem has changed for a little five anytime. Once we've read the poem, it's recognized after it's a scam which makes the poem-- Oh, read it a handful of two persons. Oh, I could use that in my knowledge. That's what we did. to be able to guard these television cameras. I'm impressed with the latter one, that knows, and by this, it's very warm, and this is going to be wet. How do you do? Thank you very much. Music And you're saying what we're saying? In the world at the time of exposure to that. Yeah. What time was that? I did not very good enough to go. I saw the big book that I watched. One day I watched it. It was just trying to watch out here. It was the world. Yeah, I saw it. Did you see it already got a picture? Did you find it? It was. It's in the world. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's the Queen of Town here. It's the Queen of Town here. What kind of a bird? Do you see? Do you see a bird? Do you see a bird? That's a thing to do, we should just move out of the way. This is just a pattern. It's a shady method, not a problem. Yeah, that's not. Hey, I, you know, I wear glasses. Actually, you're very good, and then, when you start, that's good. That's a pattern for all the team. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) What are you doing? What? Well, hold this box for a moment. So, hash the case, put the key out, and move up the door, and up the door, and turn, and push them up, and turn up, and you pull the door down, and you pull the door down, and up the door, and up the door, and up the door, and up the door, and up the door.MUSICMUSICMUSIC and move on. Make the sound which is my, I like it a lot more, but it's a bit hard to make those natural sound so great in fashion. This is one of the kind of things that I really love about the feeling of the story and the interesting, but I don't think much about it. I'm going to get you a bottle of the bottle, probably it's enough to put out the bottle. How would you say you've been in town here? I hope that didn't. When you put your luggage back in the evening to check out the pool, you'll have to put it out in the trash. We just left it on the jet, and here we're only out here. Inaudible Remarkinaudible I appreciate it, you did not mean nothing. I have to do this wrong. You appreciate it, man. We'll be in touch. Okay, please. I'll put it in there. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds So I said, "It's all going to take a couple of minutes." And I said, "We're just going to take a few minutes to finish this part of the forum." Yeah, we're going to do a little bit. He just nodded short. I said, "The company that plays the violin itself is going to take a son of a pet." I said, "We're going to take a little bit of the process." "We're going to do a little bit of the process." I'm just here, here, I, you know, I fight. This must have happened. Never let my girlfriend still be here. But one is managing a whole different time. Fire is not the spot. It's the human darkness we have all proved to be. It's the human darkness we have. Well, there is a problem. There is a problem. Well, one second please, we want to go.MUSIC I have a poll of the iron being, but it's attempted to save me in charge of the fire that is coming in. Well, I have a question for you, and this is how they are being addressed. Oh, no! I have my sources to leave these poll black out, especially from another way. Well, that's about the process. Yeah, I'll think of them, anybody would get it. People get my shop. Me and Paris are business budget. Just to get a big store. Very big store. Behind the ball, a little bit more. It's like, hey, let's share. You can get in the spot with more than that. Well, that's not lovely. But tell me, you know what? We in Taurax, you have. Not very much. Good. As soon as you finish your coffee, let's go along. Inaudible Well, I think it's an active, creative product, you know, a small, little, simple, ancient art scheme. It's a Russian issue, but it's been there for nearly two years. As opposed to the next party to receive a gift for our fans, they're going to give us a straw. Oh, yes, they're a little nagging. Well, the same. It's just a little bit of a reproduction. more than a flight. It doesn't matter what, how much is a diamond to the gold tape? It's bad. You see, the only time we ever cried, I'll see you on the top. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't help. It won't helpinaudible Inaudible Remark That lady's a joke, she doesn't know what it's worth. I'm not going to lie to you now. I'm going to shoot you with the Charm and Georgia. You should be very careful.MUSIC Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know if I've been forced to work in a dearer or a chance, but it never seems to me that money to create the piece of this, it gave me a dearer's expectation. No, I have what I was going to do. We'll find a way to people that will be here and you live all the time. Excuse me, I need to go in that time. I'll have to. Well, I won't say a minute. I have a side to back character. I assume that from the teacher who was finally research my property.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSICMUSIC Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I don't know how to make sounds, but I have to get home soon, so I thought I'd stop by and leave you alone or have a sleep. Thank you. I appreciate that. I have something to say. You may not be aware of this, but last night, a man named Last Loathe Don't Be Wasn't Perfect. We found his body, but since the cut of our throat, we... Yes, Mr. Blackhall is certainly my daughter. Mr. Dolby works for Mr. Blackhall's party. Happy to have you in the chair. We deserve you. You will sit at the time of life. Well, you can get a pump. Listen, I am not used to doing the task because we are horns. Don't be there. However, I'm sure you are. You think that the shoes are connected? Oh, yeah, I don't care what happens. Check this. Check this. What? Where the heck? What's that? Yeah. What time is it going to be? Where? I'll be shooting at this, but we can have a name. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Music I will be in position and if we got what I'm saying, so the feedback feels like we have to be wider than I'm certain I really like this part of my vision. I am sure that you will be able to do it. or a few of Q&Js, and I'm representing KFC. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't. No. Why exactly is it that I've been using it all the time? You know what I mean? You know what I'm saying? You see, it was dizzy that I turned down with the wheelchair in F2 because the law of my area of expertise I checked it, and he said, "Well, I did see it, and I told that the patient would rather than be in the room one hundred percent." He said, "This one didn't know. It was the virus. That's the best reaction I've ever had." I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, Watch it! I couldn't say it, but an artist came through and claimed that he was just always a partner for the whole life. I was the other one's son. I was a high boy, shoot. I was a little bit more than a kid, I was a little bit more than a kid. She wanted to see that I wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see that she wanted to see No, I have to go again, I'll try to drive the store and get you to want to change the car. So that I can walk, touch the camera, fly the car and smile and give you the name of the car. That will be all the parts that come from one of those bridges that's been there. I was just supposed to get out of my car and have fun. The first was me. Okay, next to you, my name is Leigh. I see you in the park for a second. So, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I see that, I have to be parallel to the other side of the body. It is one of the key moments in the parts of it, and it is one of the key moments in the parts of it. If you're confused about the inside, it's going to be a little bit longer. It's just going to go in my head. It's going to be a little bit longer. It's going to be a little bit longer. I think she wore those 11-year-old clothes. No, it's the feeling that the way it was at, especially thinking that it was possible that she never asked me to see all of it, I see my life. In fact, I think it's just what I'm doing.inaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And why don't you find out a phone number for me?Music Yeah?MusicMusic Inaudible Remark (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible He dreamed of being a flavor, a man, and he helped solve it for it. Thus, his work that was done with the page after he became a possession of the final gift. He wrote in a series, "Surely true." Mrs. Kuch. I'll try to tell you how many more people are watching this video. That's going to be one of the three page gifts that are transporting me to. Lay that world out there. Almost guilty. But you can't show on it, you can't just say, "Ah, never." No. You're like a game, you need to shake it, too much more than finish, and I can't have reached you. So you're gonna miss it. You have one, one, two, three, four, seven, eight, very rich, rich, full of life, full of life, full of life, full of life, full of life, full of life, full of life, full of Where every spot, tipped, the try to shut what, to shut the screen, to shut the screen, to shut the screen, to shut the screen, to shut the screen, to shut the screen, to shut the screen, to shut the screen, We love each other, and I really love each other, and I really love each other, and I really love each other, and I really love each other, and I really love each other, and I really love each (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I know, it must have happened.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible But when they took this, oh, I don't mean it. They could test people down there and try to be true. Talk to you about it, you know. You would probably not know. But I am a map sheet, I will show it to you by using that as a strip of ink and shade. Music >> This is just a reflection. Inaudible Remark Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Excuse me, oh, you want to talk to people? Do you think that that person is a professional? Is that a thing? But yeah, is that so? Yeah. Well, a lot. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. I mean, why do I want to talk to people? I think I want to talk to people. Just pray. My share is the evil and guilty. Inaudible Remark like the solar, you hear them all on your mind? Who's all to them? Can you try it? You know, to be good get back to the chat. Okay, can you? Yeah. Keep that. You got to love this one. Well, like yellow, more gorgeous, but it's a funny thing.MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to take on the slide. Good luck. It's been good luck. Harry, follow me. I'm going to work with you. Well, I don't. Wash up. Be sure to do the baby.INAUDIBLE Yeah, I'm going to work with you. I'm going to have to follow you. I'm going to have to do the baby. I'm going to work with you. Inaudible Remark That he had found a star A for her, but at the same time, he left the dawn of light and seen through the dark. He had just bought the other heart's name. Yeah, that's what we're talking about. Other people, actually, said, "Don't be stupid to show my name." A lot of people knew that she would never be able to tell it. I don't think I can talk to the police. I think Mr. Prowley needs that to take the vote on the chairman of the news. The day after, and to take the vote. The car I can start with is next. We should put it back to the table. Just take it back. I should put it back to the table. I should put it back to the table. I should put it back to the table. I should put it back to the table. I should put it back to the table. I should put it back to the table. That's my boy, so gentle, not an aunt. I could play that happy. Are you sure? Of course I'm sure. Now, this is very important. The night of the alarm, I saw the screen of the light just in the pilot's ear, so long you should take it. Oh, it's very good. I love it. I love to be in the light, right? I think I'm ready, there's time to talk. I've never saw nothing, I've never seen it again. I'm very hungry, I've wanted to talk a little bit time. Oh, so she's having to death? No. Well, I've had a thousand cents. Talk about it. What is she doing? I know.MUSICMUSIC Music MusicMUSIC Background Sounds >> Inaudible Remark >> Inaudible Remark Music (audience chattering) He's needed to be for this boy, he's a boy. Let's say the day, the day of the year. Time to go. Just a bunch of people. A bunch of family chap. I think the boy is not a big boy. But he is a bad guy. He's not a bad guy. He's not a bad guy. Maybe he's not a bad guy. Maybe he's not a bad guy. Maybe he's not a bad guy. You may have an anonymous phone call to the police about the US man and how to shoot him. Yeah, how did you know? Because you didn't tell a phone the past hour of the issue. You thought that this was the time you were going to investigate in the market. You didn't call the hatchet and tell the fact that you should promote it. You were the person who was planning to develop a doughy department, and this is the fact you changed the dough up.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it, I'm not (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm trying to cheer. Did you know that I'm here to dance? I need to go. I'm going to be late. Yeah, I can put a picture on it. You know what I'm doing? No, I'm not here. You know you're gonna be here. What are you doing? Poor kid. He's fine. No, no. He was so bad. Well, she didn't try to play him in a good act. That's what we're doing. What the fuck are you doing here? You don't have to eat it. But it is.Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music MusicMUSICinaudibleMusic I'm working on last-minute movies. Aint more of them. A Frank Flasker, a fan of Paul Payne, said to him.MUSIC PLAYING Hello. on the stage, I'm sure you've got a lot in the video. It's a chest. We found the lazy lambs on it. Two days ago, we were asked to dance for you. But I thought it was. Party damaged their all. Watch the feet. Didn't know I applied before in person in the morning. He was after here at the air base. I, it's just a moment. There's something that you're not telling me. I don't think there is a piece of change.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music SilenceMUSIC Music >> Hello, this is Mike, and I'm going to give you a great answer. Turn around, we'll be sitting on top of the moment of public relations coupons, and here, it's probably the fact that after all these years of being very into snow, it's just been kind of been a little better for some better versions of the old ones. So where are we going? And another word we're talking about is, while we're reading the part called "Sunnation Sunn". It's that they chuck off today's violin, but not "Sunnation". See, that's my point. Something going on. Yes! Yes, me. Do you look at me? (audience laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll be showing back for a soul who told you to soul and for a few years. You're not a person, you're a sinner, man. You're not a person, you're a sinner. I'll just prank you again today. Or it's gonna be better if we are out of the room. How do you edit it later? Oh, I'm just hanging out in the war. I'm just gonna be in the middle. The Civil War in general is going to get a cat month. Oh, that would have been a very fun time. No, but what's my topic? Months was sort of a bit general, but the box is a bit of a lie. Oh, and I was at the movie "The Stranger" at the school. In his car, from Chalki all the way to Hanuch. That would have happened to me. It's not gonna happen to you. Do you want to see how the journey ended with a movie? In the plane, sir, the end of the practice first story. God was tough to get. (laughs) Sorry, keep your way to the coast. Hey, very... (mumbles) How you doing? (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) But she started to see a photograph in the space. She said, "I have come a long distance, and I'm sure you'll see me by the day." "I have to visit with myself to the first to see if it's not a photograph of the situation." "I just want to tell you that it is the situation where we're asking to be the top of this." Very well, especially while she's in the middle of the house. Oh, sorry, sorry. Well, as I've asked, we should be able to get some to the other side of the house. Excuse me. Then, share of it. (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Yeah, it's a positive. I have an experience with it. This is such a good experience. It's a challenge to me to start from meeting as accurate as possible. You'll be supposed to description of the best of what we've been doing, what we've been doing and what we've been doing, and so, the songs here, Chera, I think, have a lot of fun with you guys. But it was so huge. So, that's what I think, a change is really a part of it. You have to see your own child, and you will ask for your own help, and when you see your own child, and you think you plan on, you keep all of the people that they are out, and then you put the ship on like that. So, thank you for the last thing that you remember. The things that we don't really enjoy. Disappear in a storm. One thing will happen, or it will never be as positive as a nation. It will affect the second few hours of my life, so I won't be able to handle the provoked health problems in the civil war, or the problem in the civil war. Oh yes, it's starting to get a lot of attention. Keep our suffering in the others, I am very alerted. Did you ever find a son? Well, thank you very much for the information. So you can go back to him. I had to leave you, but you still talk to me about this information. If you'd like to take a listen to some of that, you can go to the page. As you know, we've been supposed to take a listen for a walk. So walk and I'll do that. Music >> She said it. Music >> Okay, Kim Kim, the committee of the program. >> I'll be doing good work on that. >> So I would like to live so high school, hopefully, so far, I would say the same old age.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (audience laughing) - All right. - All right. (laughing) - Good evening, guys. - Did you say what you find out, Dave? - Good morning, sir. Dave, maybe you did not find the first thing that's going on. - Yeah, I'm told you get it. (soft music) - Go ahead.Music Inaudible Remark this. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't care if I have nothing to say to anybody. and more of that time, what it found. Ladies and gentlemen, let me know in any group of issues. - Parks, the Soviet has been out of charge to destroy this country. - Oh. - Physicians and homes. - The walls and the career issues on this issue, though, Inaudible Remark I just want to say that I am all so happy to have you on my own, sit down and have been silly so good to stand. Are you saying that one of the left didn't? I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I am saying that one of the left didn't. I see we're trying to support you, you'll get it out for more than ten years. If you wish, time by time wouldn't extend for the end of the year. We'll go to the tennis focusing. We're going to get that set. It's for us. We're going to hold side times. We're going to have a little luck from right here.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Yes. Yes. How do I know what? I didn't tell him to put some very beautiful stuff. I didn't breathe that. He just made it. I made it even tighter than I did. Of course, I didn't use it. I didn't even want to stand with my car. My personal possession isn't in reserve for that damage. Yes sir.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yes, sir. That would be a service. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm not stressed enough to be alone, but I'm truly, I'm alone a lot of times, it's being very really, really exciting. Okay, so what do you sit down? I don't know what you read on this, but I must have just been giving you this girl a small amount of shit. She's terrible, so she's not. I'm sorry. I'll ask you a little girl. You've left a lot to do today. Very much. Actually, I didn't know what I wanted to do that well. In a way, you didn't know. The back is a sloucher. I suppose I hate that. I don't even know if I'm used to it. After we go again up, we'll find out more of the pain that you're really fighting in life. Check out the screening. I don't think I was going to cut out the match. I'm just going to be getting a thing of an ego. Driving around in a fancy bar. Anyone is trying to follow the focus of my easy bar. In the shades of light. As you said, it's hard to tell your men to adjust the little talk of the day now, which will it both stay gone now? He's literally declared dead. It's believed. That's the reason how many information. Not someone to look at. So look at it by the computer and find me for simply his memory. Sorry, let me show you that, but I don't sound.Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yeah, anybody? Yeah, anybody? Anybody? Oh, yeah, follow me. Yeah, follow me. Follow me. Yeah, follow me. Yeah, follow me. Okay. We'll get changed around for five nights. We've been so lonely. (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) Oh, it's a bird. Not a thing I don't think it's a bird.laughterinaudible It should fall, say. Yeah.inaudible I say it again through the tunnel working.inaudible Sorry, he just left me.inaudible Black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black What should you do, show up? Yeah, it's not only my horse, but it's time to do that, sir. I'll try to get the moon with the color of the persuasion. Well, we are taking care of all that in a little reasonable, simple, or a shot.inaudible I'm not going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you that IinaudibleMusic Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Yes.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible if you didn't get a catch.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't know if you could tell her. They saw me. They just saw me. Oh yes. I think you know why, because Peter got a hunt. This is his own suit. You may have spoken to him. All right, so... Yeah. You can. Thank you. No problem, we'll leave it at the desk. Just people to you back at the hotel. This is perfect. Let's do your house. No, one seems to be the problem. Why don't you go out and check the desk? Two more units, and my house is pretty smooth. A lot of them. Is there any way to save this place?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yes. Maybe you should hear this. There's the passage. I'll stay with you, Laura. Actually, the result of the part of the examination was quite a first sight, but we never be so syndicate that. The result was when you came to college for all some issues, and everyone had anything wrong with it, so we had to have the analysis. We don't, we don't find that I'm going to pay this time in the end. One last step, don't worry about it. I'm sorry I was especially worried about it, and this one, and only one, interstate little conclusion. If you have a current and a current investment, it's going to be murderous so I can keep it at the end.MUSIC Right? Did I get it? That's my tickets. I don't see that one. Morning. Morning. We've been in a great distance. I can't believe what you did. I see no point. I see one as well. Oh, I see. You're going to. You're going to find a hotel. I'll send up the vote. Well, you suggested Mr. George from the forum. I'll leave it there for you. I'll send up the vote. Well, you suggested Mr. George from the forum. I'll leave it there for you. I'll send up the vote. Well, you suggested Mr. George from the forum. I'll leave it there for you. I'll send up the vote. Well, you suggested Mr. George from the forum. I'll leave it there for you. I'll leave it there for you. I'll send up the vote. Well, you suggested Mr. George from the forum. I'll leave it there for you. I'll send up the vote. Well, you suggested Mr. George from the forum. I'll leave it there for you. I'll leave it there for you. Thank you very much, Your Honor.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (indistinct) I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm just going to have my swear way. I'm going to try to say that in real life, you're all with it to the 10th, it's not for more than the 18th, you understand. That's how the boss said it. This seems like I have to run out of my spirit with it in this conversation. Can I name a deterred? Take it out of the other business pressure with comfortable and thoughtful. Hit, and I have been talking to you, excuse me. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Josh, Julian, he has an eagle. I'm a murderer. He's made a fire in blackwood. Where are two murders? What do you have? What do you have? What could be the case? What's up on the side of our way to beat the harbour? There was a six-person animal that came. A dead person? No, no. only two, because no way for time to be able to solve a bad thing, kills somebody by the end of the time, I think it's okay, you have to stay here, I'm not far from here, I said, "Why?" "I'm standing first person." "No, maybe I need." "Now first of all, the first thing I'm going to do, is I'm not going to be able to do it." to know this morning when she got there to own bath, enemies you might have, you're not going to have to bring her into the tent, that you don't, to disappear a lot, or leave her, or you won't, she can't go, did she want to meet someone, maybe she did a car and let someone talk to you with shit. I remember feeding the dead camp for you too long. I think we'll last until I'm ready to make the dust. Excuse me, I'm talking to her. Hey, you know what I always say? Did you know that the last map of the lake can be a new shot? Well, it's part part. But I just need to move on to this system. Can you have a step there for me? I'm sure you are, it's me, you know, without the study. I think it's Hayden, that's what. I'm just a little stupid, I'm not looking for the balance. It's me, it's your company. (dog barks)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I can't see anything out of that car. That was a totally general, we're not saying it was out of your car, well that's great. So the best thing we didn't get to do back, that's it. You know, I never really cared about sitting down, chairing, chairing, causing my wife said that, I was sending that to us a public security. She and I. I was able to do a live vlog, actually, for a magazine. Yeah, I'm sorry, man, you can't go on. I don't think the magic book is what he's in the hangman. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm going to have to ask you, where are the issues that have happened? Well, what's going to look at this? Where did you get this for? I found it enough I found your desk. I found it. You can see Merit's hanging. He is now over in an help sheet. Yes, so I'll see. Have you got a talent, Clayton? I don't know what this is, but you may have no white black ink in your chiroloin like that. Those vials are competent to pay for. They're going to see this. This, sir. Maybe in any sense. It's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long time, it's been a long There's a lot of stuff in the United States. process of emulation, I think it's far on all that figure, there was a sixth post, no, I didn't have that, and this is going out, like an absence, but I'm not sure if it comes off, but I'm not the mission too sad to get that person. That is possible, this is perfect. Why not, sir, where the age of reclamation be dead, the lady has made a very interesting point. I think that it became actually a close-mind. Actually, it starts at a car that's already been offloaded, but it's there at that time. Please. Thank you. Thank you. You have my gloves on. Do you remember? Currently, God was right there. You know, you and I are going to do a blind model to you. There's something a little miracle about that plane. Yes, well. Do you want me to go out and snap at this intersection? Power line, of course. It's going to be nice flying, I thought. Yes. I know what it wants. So, what? I don't think there's a way to get one for seven full banner, but it doesn't drop one for five. Who do you have to keep in the park? I have to say that I supervise the long-term, the time-long, the time-long, the time-long, the first. I've been watching all these years. What was she doing there? It's not a state in which Mark was forced to look at the whole of the living room here. The door is open. I suspect in what air clothes, and there are snow here inside it's top, cuttings with art. It's nonsense. Here's the name. those folds, but I left this part on that plane 35 years ago. It seems to me that your investigation ended with that, so I can cut it out. Quite close. You've got a band of concessions ready to get everything in the evening, so... We're going to say we need more work anyway. Thank you. If she didn't then bring me back. You might have been going back. Oh, you're so OK. I'm not in full age. Look, we're going to be poor here today. This is a sad guy that was pressing me. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I don't want to take a cup of date. You can do whatever you want. Well, that's all for today. Thank you very much. (indistinct) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) MusicMUSIC >> I'm not sure that world was winding down. It's not like a water and a half, but it's still going to be a point. >> Sure. >> So you can go along with the jet. (indistinct chatter) I didn't know that I know her. Oh, not really that. I don't think. No, great. Oh, just cut me. I'm not sure. So, what? Nothing in the past. Nothing in the past. Maybe she's been hurt.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark You can start, you'll like it. I'm going to play tonight.MUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Music Music Background SoundsMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Nobody here is that kind of number. I just got a personal call from my office and be out on the evening, be in a right away. I don't want to be needing anything in the bathroom. By the way, get your vehicle ready to break. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Do you keep it that way? Okay, you know where I'm going to play? Good luck. Follow me. I'm going to let you down. Follow me again. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. If you don't remember what it says in the solo packet is, you saw a little bit out, and the amount of this will fall. Found it. Thank you. Thank you. Major Armin Vanille, who has helped me a lot today. Thank you. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Music Music >> Speaking in foreign language One of the last 35 years. That's what I'm saying. (laughs) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) I made that for him, so I was going to say she's doing nothing about home. Oh, yes. He was something that I'm going to teach him to teach me three people, how to teach me really straight up. So he wrote something before he said, "Oh, I should have put myself back to tell me where he is being." And he had all the things he had to do. with the death of the devil. In the name of the devil, this is perfect. Oh, this is surely a very true thing. But time for rest. I'll show you a book. Yes, this is a book. I was only doing my job at the festival. I'm very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very Just in the distance, in the dark. all the thought, you've been all the friends of the base today with white and silver, and they had to be something more than just a baller, and they'll find chill, but why? Remember that, it first should be that maybe a year's ago, we're very dressed like this people, we've been a different family, we are a family just before I was a boss. So all the day, we got a fight in the back of the boy and she was out. We can even take that.inaudibleMusic Music Music I seek into the darkness with all the future. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I will tell you. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box.MUSICMusic Music This is absolutely my thing, but it seems to be one half. Walk around and take a full look at it. Walk around and take a full look at the top of your system. Well, can you walk the shoulders back? How can you stand there? That's it. Let me introduce this. I thought that she'd killed me in the past. She said about it. She said, "Take off the foot and you know it very fast." "Loop." "What?" "Oh, gee, take the left one and then don't hit." In that case, I know this person. (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE All that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left is left, all that's left is left is left, all that's left is left is left, all that's left is left is left, all that's left is left is left, all that's left is left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left is left, all that's left Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to get in touch with my hands and stuff, here I go. Yeah, sounds good. Thank you for having me today.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark I'm going to touch it very well. Especially my foot's cross the cat foot. Yes.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE That's shit, that's pretty good. You know, that has to do with that shit, and she got it. That's what they're doing. Just go. She's got a sweet thing flying in there. No, that's the only way to deal with cowards. Cowards. (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark >> Inaudible Remark I'm a hard-gated fan, I'm a broken friend, but I can't be fan. I just want to hang out now, but I'm a big fan. No survey, the boy's going to be able to spell. They want to do it themselves. Who is? Why don't you all get hang out now? No. Hello, it'll be my favorite. I said it this way.MUSIC Okay, okay, everybody strike, bring this way, and I'll call it in time, and I'll All right, Paul. Just do so. So if I don't just really, I'll just really do that for questions. Well, and so. Great. My name is Frances, and I ask for your own advice. I love the things that are uncomfortable, very secure, the performance of the chance, content, tradition. I ask that you consider now. Good luck, and I'll see you again. So, I have to get into the whole training room for the competition for me, so I have a question in my mind. No, I don't get it. I'm not asking. I have a question. I am out. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. I'm going to put it up here. He needs anything. (coughing) - Yes? (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H, H (audience laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You know what? It hurts the past, you know what I'm saying? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? You're here, hasn't it? But again, I see each of the dots to call the future. The faith, the strange, remote yet so near, one more joy. A sudden tightening of the throat, the frustration. I don't want to go. So, I'll look at this piece. This is it. This is it. I see a change. I want to see.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I think we can't go on, or show, or feel it, or feel it more about it now.Music Music Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll take the pills. You know what I'm doing, I'm going to have to put the ball back in here and get it on. You know what I'm doing, I'm going to have to put the ball back in here and get it on. You know what I'm doing, I'm going to have to put the ball back in here and get it on. You know what I'm doing, I'm going to have to put the ball back in here and get it on. >>INAUDIBLE I want to share those with you, remember? I want to show you this. This is a stretchable outpost. It's very familiar. Perfect. I'll just keep this all that way. Save my life. Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise Background noise Thank you very much. Don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me, don't touch me Music Inaudible Remark I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I need to go to the board and I'll wait. I don't want to go to the board yet. I don't want to go to the board yet. I don't want to go to the board yet. I don't want to go to the board yet. I don't want to go to the board yet. I don't want to go to the board yet. I don't want to go to the board yet. I don't want to go to the board yet. I don't want to go to the board yet. I don't want to go to the board yet. I don't want to go to the board yet. I can't decide. I can't decide. I can't decide. I can't decide. I can't decide. I can't decide. I can't decide. I can't decide. I can't decide. Music Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) That hand made three predictions, and so on and from proof. The third one says, "I'm scared to death." "Yes." "Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, "I'm scared to death." I have to do all that mission, it's there and all this, I need money, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,inaudible >> No, it was something more of this woman than just Patrick's father, that's all. How does it seem to tend to fall to a worse? It's a matter of where I thought it was. I don't see it. You have so much to learn. You know the good things in your dreams. But you have to. You have to. I need to share my things. You all right? Only good. Oh, no, I'm fine. I'll be back back soon. How long I'll be here?SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Okay, so that's all space I've heard of. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Thank you very much. That way, make sure something has nothing to do with the bathroom. I have to say, I have to go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go to the bathroom and I have to So, I want to show you a little bit of work and good things. (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Yes? Yes. Very cool. How did you get in my owl? No. I heard the voice. I couldn't walk through the sun. Spreading. That's so bad. I do have kids. I think you'll die. You can die. You'll die with me. Hey. What's up? Go and get your back. Don't look back. Don't look back. Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC >> You should call the different Jehovah in the dead. >> The children should start out. >> They know each other. >> They don't know. Inaudible Remark You're on it, you need me for her, just to do ya. You can both have operations, this is so. I'm... Inaudible Remark I don't know. Hello? What? Oh!Pause Is he over?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible But I don't know if I'll get it, but say the same thing, huh?inaudible Music You don't have a partner now. You think that you should hold on to me when you're done? You think so? I think you should hold on to me when you're done. I think you should hold on to me when you're done. I think you should hold on to me when you're done. I think you should hold on to me when you're done. I think you should hold on to me when you're done. I think you should hold on to me when you're done. I think you should hold on to me when you're done. I think you should hold on to me when you're done. I think you should hold on to me when you're done. I think you should hold on to me when you're done. I think you should hold on to me when you're done. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in a foreign language) - On your way home. Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause Is there something about it? Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you, and see you in the next video. Bye bye.Music Music Music And that would be very nice. Well, yes, now we need to chart your civil state using a pattern of your own, OK. Just go ahead and start your second brain.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency, but I know you're in a state of emergency,inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to do some combat.MusicMusic Inaudible Remark That being urban, for instance. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE Do you have an idea of a two-inch that has a million views? Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I'm talking about a two-inch that has million views. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'll get nine, nine, nine, I'll follow the rest of the trial. Who was the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady, the steady I'll get nine, nine, nine, nine. Inaudible Remark It's worth that, but fine. No. Thank you, Patti. Well, that was a very sad. You may have told me about today. I told the secret. I told them to say to the children of the little Prince, and they're supposed to tell them that the parent would be here. Inaudible Remark about what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should be, what should MusicPausePause Background noise That's not true, isn't it, if she told you? If she told you, you're not going to have to fight. Certainly, if you're going to have to fight. I'm not going to have to fight. Yes. Oh, I'm going to have to fight. If you have a small cup, look under here, dance in.MUSICMUSIC Background Sounds >> Along the way, I can walk. I'll help you back. You're correct, Solver. Sorry. Background Sounds Music Music Background noise Anyway, it's time for you to go. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. It's about you. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Happy Birthday to all the friends who are here. Happy Birthday to all the friends who are here. Happy Birthday to all the friends who are here. Happy Birthday to all the friends who are here. Happy Birthday to all the friends who are here. Happy Birthday to all the friends who are here. Happy Birthday to all the friends who are here. Music Music Silence SilenceSings in foreign language InaudibleMusic Music Music Music Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Pause Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I think it's on the phone, it's not quite brutal, right? You might even don't you know that I'm sitting around getting there, but nothing's going to be good.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I think I can keep up now, I Pause Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Do you know what you're going to start? You know what I'm going to start?INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) How do you want her to be? No, my project. It's really not fair. Oh, well, the reality time has so much to come. Is her neighborhood both of the same thing? Was she sent here to take care of her?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) Inaudible Remark I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house, I don't want to cheat on my house Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music Silence Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark I've got lots of information exposed on why the park won't be paid. How would you like to tell the past of things in your life? In the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the I don't want to tell you. I'm so sorry.inaudible Inaudible Remark Give me my hand. What kind of chocolate is this? I'm not going to be talking to you. I'm not going to be talking to you. I'm not going to be talking to you. I'm not going to be talking to you. I'm not going to be talking to you. I'm not going to be talking to you. I'm not going to be talking to you. I'm not going to be talking to you. I'm not going to be talking to you. I'm not going to be talking to you. (dog barking) - You find stashin'? (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music If you're chilly, it doesn't matter. Inaudible Remark You know, I don't even want to respond with me. Just a bit more so. I think I really do want to respond with all that don't let the story pass. I never liked that house at all. I shouldn't. I shouldn't. It's really a big deal. It's really a big deal.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleBell Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Mr. Hattich.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds All of them are just real budgets and real assets. Maybe it's not available. But it is. You don't think it's a deal. It's just a total trash. It's a waste. It's a waste. It's a waste.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudible (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Background noise Background noise Background noise You're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the last one, you're the Inaudible Remark Please, please, if you want to speak more, some have a little service mode, and I do like to pick from black, and to obtain a little bit of confidence, or some thought, if everybody wants to know. Sit down, and we'll keep moving for a day. This is not a sanitary. I don't know what I'm doing, but I actually don't want to find any of the things that I'm going to do today, I don't want to find any of the things that I'm going to do today, I don't want to find any of the things that I'm going to do today, I don't want to find any of the things that I'm going to do today, I don't want to find any of the things that I'm going to do today, I don't want to find any of the things that I'm going to do today, I don't want to find any of the things that I'm going to do today, I don't want to find any of the things that I'm going to do today, I don't want to find any of the things that I'm going to do today, I don't want to find any of the things that I'm going to do today, I don't want to find any of the things that I'm going to do today, I don't want to find any of the things Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark I don't want to stop this neighbor until I leave, don't fear the south. I don't want to stop this. Go away, on hold.MUSIC Music I'm very close to traffic problem that has been made in public fear of this. Decide for all of you to get help. Attack. In the first moment, can you guys... The time of the global is getting always in contact with you. This is the end of the morning. Inaudible Here is the first floor of the room. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. It's not going to be done. Inaudible Remark Get to work. Get to work. Get to work. Power of life. So if we have a murder of a student, you know, the chiefs of the government are going to see it. They should have probably not said that. They should have put it in a sense. The poll it was all about, so.Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark very important back. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I didn't wish you saw the weather change. Really? Why? Why the spot? It's really a lot of fun. It is an idol. It's still a little bit. It's a little bit salty. It's a little bit salty. It's a little bit salty. Where have I been? Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, this is just a pleasure for me today. Oh, yes, sir. We could wait here a while, maybe a little bit. Have you been waiting? Yes, I've been waiting a few months. One talking out. Now, I will be very supportive of you. I'll be waiting. I'll be there again soon, baggish. Thank you. Ah, the killed Karen's know that she wasn't here. I don't think so. The day was so cold that we were here. Oh my gosh. No, it's pretty stupid. It's too good. I'm sorry. Did it eat hard? It's so cold. I was trying to have to spend it. Inaudible Remark Thank you for your attention. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Well, if that doesn't do y'all, no, it's very very cold, not really cold, but we're tired. How did you get on it? That's what I love about it. Cut it in the right place. That's what I love about it. That's what I love about it. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Would you have to do something to not be called in? So that's what we do now, but maybe we can be on the ground. We can love a good life. If I just have time, I just feel all around the world here. Any other question I'll give? Don't you think so? I'm in a round three, two, one. Staction, two. I almost, I think it's very challenging for this great group. I remember that people just don't have a curve. Oh, my God. You can even run to it, and I, she's in a round three. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, here. Oh, I know that protein. You know, I'm missing the data now. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMUSIC (indistinct chatter)inaudible Music Music Inaudible Remark Happy New Year! And plunge it out into the sea. The storm is in my heart more than a few days. My name is the challenge bell. Drows the west side of the face through the town. I have to try and keep it up. Just to respond to all this, you are not going to be all too much. I have a mission that will serve you. I wish it would have been such a great thing to laugh at, and I'm ready to go forward, I'll explain to you what's there. I'll ask you a question of what, what is what, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is yourMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Toss, sink, rope, chain, and she'd walk with half a month to relax and see her problems. Well, you know what, you're just doing this. Well, there's a lady talking to her house.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE What have you been doing? We make a boy out of the suburbs. Can't take the summer out of the board. This is the first time I've ever played a volleyball in my career. I don't know if I could make it or not. Maybe we should just allow people to come in.inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSIC Do you want to go to the top to where to be here? No, but I've been thinking that you'd have to team yourself here. The pitch should really be false, not just behind the skirt. Well, what? What kind of skirt is it? It's cherry-trip. Not. It's not much. It's all worth doing that, and she'll be a new, and I'm a different name. She met me at a one-salt at the top. She worked pretty pretty first time. Yeah. She just died. You know, she's here in search. Talk to each other, too. White to be sure, and you think that... and I will go out and get you some foundation that can't be used in the past, but it's much better than what it's worth. I will be promoted to what it's worth. I will show you the foundation that I have been working on. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence >> Here it is obviously. We are gathered here together to witness the Gerdouc's own children's fields. and I promoted it, rated it to $1,000. So it appeared to be straight and calculated by a tangent path, and the one to the other, this was fully a relative state. So in any case, here, we know that any of these things, why they should not be united in great law, taking power forward now, forward now, I hope that you will be able to take this woman down to the Lord be waited by the path on her cherished love. Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I should play. Pop, pop. Pop.MUSICMUSIC Music Silence Silence She said, "Otherworld, 12K is my work, there will be a lot of radiation in this life with I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I- a lot of radiation in this life with a lot of radiation in this life with a lot of radiation Good night, Fred, wait for me. Good morning, Chris. Where did I go? I'm a bit of a band. I don't think I did enough. I'm just getting the package inside. I just, I feel a bit out of tune. Good night. You heat me. Good night. Good night. I hate nobody, I hate them all of you. (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm not going to say the same, I'm notMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark I'll ask the interview to you that once the room is not too fast, I'll put it somewhere. The interviewer said, "I have 10 meetings to have a set of dinner." "Fear gold, that's cool, that's me." "Let's see, hey, that's it." "I like that." "I love the toilet." "Okay." "There's no need to get released from here." Inaudible Remarksilence Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I don't know if you guys come to get a thing or nothing. This is bull. This is a bull. I don't know if you guys come to get a thing or nothing. This is bull. This is bull. This is bull. You're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a nice man, you're a It's a awkward act you need. But when you do that, you get out standing there and feeling it something like that. I mean, you need a rotation disorder. So I don't have to do this. You won't have to look and defend this. Stay back in the law for your captain. It is my pleasure to be disorderly. If you're about to disorder that. I'm sure we need to be good friends.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (indistinct chatter) I am not fond of science and science and science and science and science and science.inaudible Well, the south-west, we get one of the little stuff like this, here, how's it going? Yeah, but that's just about to notice. Oh, yeah, it's fine, it's fine. So it's a little bit of a bit of a fine. Oh, I have to do it again. I don't know, I'm going to do that. Oh, I'm going to do it again. I bet you said that. This is a private toy to get the knife out of the window. It's fresh, but it's fine. It's close to the house. It's still a little loud. What do you mean? You're messing with me. But this is your fault. It's a really bad thing. Well, I'm not going to have to have this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I thought we'd be about to use it. Thanks. Thank you, Grant. I'll go and help you, please. Yeah, we'll have to use it really, really. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm going to say to the other four, please have a good time, and how do you work this room? And I'm going to do what? Is she going to do it? Yes. Is she also telling me that she's found the right thing? I don't know that. I'm going to get this room. I'm going to get this room. I'm going to get this room. I'm going to get this room. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark We have five years, three years of hangover, but we're straight into the hall. That's a show. She said to get out of here enough, she seems to smile for the one thing he needs. She's a character. Black and dark except the idea to love me. Just love me. So she walked here and we were going to let you go and see him this morning. He got a little bit more sense. He always does. Last but not least, what is worse? She had a little bit more stuff. She told me that this time I had nothing. Fine? Fine. I was watching when I met you on that time, I was scared, scared to go get it and then we should go over everything. This is another life that I thought about pretty much.MUSICMUSIC  I'm a young cowboy MusicMUSICMusicINAUDIBLE Now for us to back and stride.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible (inaudible)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark >> Yeah. >> I'll see you next time. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >> Did you see it being interesting to see it?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Oh, the situation. You're working around for a second. It's a really funny and qualified image management. I must say, you just found good, good, and self-proclaimed. Well, I'll try and get that happen, right? You can do this. Oh, let me tell you the challenge. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. I will be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Please be happy. Inaudible Remark somethings. I'll tell you that also three million dollars country which was the billionth break the balance said by a hundred and twenty and we're not going to be over the bullet.MusicMUSIC Music Silence Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE All right, so, would you please? You walk on the edge of it, everything is empty, everything is empty, everything is empty. for a lot of skills, but there's a lot of things that I like about it, because all I think is not good, I think it is important. I know I've been came here to this farm, and it wasn't me, but it wasn't me, but it wasn't me, but it wasn't me. So it's passed to a farm factory, but it wasn't me, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me, but it wasn't me, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me, but it wasn't me.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE You're more a man, I think we could change, maybe in my final, if I change the mood, we're going to miss that at all. Let's change it.Music Silence Pause Music Music Background Sounds >> Wow, this is strange. Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's it, it has been seen as a guy with a slumber and a black, black and black, he's just ready for leave. He's scared, he's scared, he's going to have a shot. How does he stop? I don't think I'm going to go out and see if I can leave. He's so scared. So, we're just having a chat and then we're just going to start our 80s room, just where you'll go crazy, I'm just sort of part of it. 12 of our rooms, 12 lights for us, but we can go to the room and make a picture of you right here, so we're not going to take a nap. Inaudible Remark Well, I'm not sure what we're about to see in the past, but I really think that we should kind of adapt with jazz. Let's read. Ah, I read one. Let me read it. What? What? What? I? Okay. Yes. Thank you. Thank you very much for your time. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark No. Inaudible Remark And then, if I remember the books, wow. A lot of people have told me nothing. So, the first term, and then they try to guide them back, and then you just follow up. It's true that nothing's bound to be in the dead. It's just shunning to be here. Yup, that's sure. That's a sudden mood. Background Sounds Background Sounds You said he tried to protect the giant island. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that I love that You know, I have to have a shoe like myself. Say it, you know, you didn't get a cow? No, believe me. I have got a bit of something. Just back to my boy movie. Soon. I'll tell you what I'm thinking. I'm thinking. I'm thinking. Somebody will be there. You know what I'm saying? I guess I should put a lot of light in those here.inaudible I'll be turning around and be actually attacking from the back. I'll push the back side, and I'll hit the back side. Just shut the front of the back side. Just shut the front side. Hold one more. I'll push the back side. Here I count the same thing, and I assume it's the same thing. That's perfect. Suppose you don't want the time, but it's the same thing. But I don't have the guts. You know what? It's more of that space, S. You know what? What? We have condensed the shape of our chant on the face, though. There's not all of that, but when you're in it, you know how it's going to be, and all of a sudden, if you chance to knock up too many, maybe you know what I mean, but that's pretty reasonable. But it's not really the hour like this. Yes, you are so large, and it isn't good. "Don't I couldn't have any of the brutal talk of the cinema out of a planet in my life?" "Then it's strong for us all because she was under the hood." "Again, that's which I remember there." "And yeah, there were those sorts."inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible MusicBELL RINGING Music Yes?MUSIC Music Background Sounds That's really something that's just been on the small moment, just have our community chat. Hello. This is from the Civil Rights Commission. It's all led to that competition. Oh, correct. Can we get a vote?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yes, yes, the service of the people for us is seven of the not-by-plus, I believe, however, I strive to build for Mr. Ange to fly many of the dance. Two very common, the people of the same job. Surely they believe that.inaudible I'm pretty serious, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with you, I need to be careful with Inaudible Remark Music This is the police over there. Oh, we're home. Oh, come on, you want to get in? And how would you do that? I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Oh, they're so good to you. Come in, you talk to me. Well, we're going up the engine. We really should be going in one, and then come in and stand past nine. I'm going to discuss who we should be all about, who can't help but look around and talk to all of you. These are all the shops that I just need. We need you all. Thank you. We are three million people from all over the world. We need you all to speak for our own right. I'm sure that I'm going to question, oh yes, what? Is it that we see around the world? Inaudible Remark I would have left you a little bit, you know, say it in one word. I would have left you a little bit. I would have left you a little bit. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I would have left you a little bit. Inaudible I shall address and describe the history once one shot from a lot of the facts. We find right here for sure. See, like this, if along the hill in there, when you should be there on the beach, I wish you reports to be done. to stay. But that may not already be the so-called "share" of the rest. After the school boards for the next week, I'll put a little bit of text and I think there will be a lot of things that you can't tell me. It can be so great. I don't even know what it is going to do. It's a wild one. Inaudible Remark If you have any questions, please leave a comment below and I'll see you in the next video.inaudible Why in the Church of Sri, but no one in the world can talk to you, no one can speak to you. I have only faith that you can have, but because the world is holding the past.inaudible Now that is my draw. I'll read that.inaudibleMUSICMusic Music Music Silence Silence (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (sniffing) Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Background SoundsMusicMusicMusic Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and becomes a part of it. Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you so much for your time. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you so much for your time. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Background noise Bye, good bye, good bye, good bye. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) The Earth's grow a little bit, so that's a very good idea.Music Music I would go, but if you don't, you know, in one form, make the balance in my logic of life. I would say, "No." Yeah. I would say, "No." I would say, "No." I would say, "No." I would say, "No." I would say, "No." I would say, "No." I would say, "No." I would say, "No." I would say, "No." I would say, "No." I would say, "No." We don't provide a human bathroom, we don't get enough to go out and wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the floor, wash the Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music I'll see you around in the back of the corner, and you need a little bit of my own freedom. Some might need to be going through a little bit of poverty. But that's not going to take too long to do. We need to be going through a lot of effort and so on, and so on. So I don't know if you should be. I'll call you tomorrow. Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible I just did it with all the care I need, but if that is anything you never provide, then it's up to both. I finished one, you were the target. Also, yeah, I have my sources. Please don't let help, especially for another thing. Well, at last, I'll be back. Inaudible Remark This is your vision, Tommy. Let's take a walk. It's fun. Clean up the silver screen. Got it, Tommy. That's Mary. This video was made for in 1972. Oh, yeah, I'm in September, and I'm playing football. So this is a lot of football watching. Let's listen. This is the last big time.inaudible And then I get what I say, instead of the big rush, you're on one of the flight and it doesn't end well. It's kind of just a diamond for the whole set. With that, you can just say, "The only time I should ever go out and talk to Dr. Dr." No, no, no. If you go out and talk to Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. 4, you'll get a virus for the entire group. Just a thought. InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) Music I'm sorry, I can't believe they know shit. I think you've got a bottom check. They are reminded of this feature. You know what I'm talking about? We're talking, we're taking a short break. Trust the pay. Music (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) So he passed two years with his plans, but in charge, nothing was there with the pain. He left the city that he should have left his roots. All I thought was rather than forced to work in the field of the shins, but everything seemed to be my extreme fear with the shins and with the shins. No, I haven't been able to do that.Pause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Inaudible Inaudible Remark I think back, like I said, I'll make the most of my class in the season of grit. (laughs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles)INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You don't want to die? You don't want to die? You don't want to die? You don't want to die? You don't want to die? You don't want to die? You don't want to die? You don't want to die? You don't want to die? You don't want to die? Well, yeah. I'm not going to do that because we are all going to do that. However, I do think that we should all practice. For me and my people, I don't think we'll have to. Okay. Okay. What? Okay, okay. Whatever. Hands up. All the time. Thanks, please. I wish you didn't make it, though you can't make it. It's only more than just a bunch. Not more than just either name. We just hope that you're going to run a path to an end for it. So he knows who that's like. He's going to make the money. So he's going to keep being close.MUSIC PLAYING Music Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark (inaudible) That's how we celebrate everything that happens in our education. You know what I'm talking about? You can't judge whether you want to share it. So that you want us to be in a room, like on the right side of the building where we'll try to move, and hold on to our work, so it will be a special lesson. It won't just pass you our background,inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Okay, let me just put it on a new one. Excuse me, can I light up the book over here? We are going to switch to the top. Come on, let's talk to the 8th and 10th book. So, why can't you just switch to the top? It's from there in Shalap. It's from there in Shalap.inaudible Inaudible Remark Music Music MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible You're all out there. You're almost beautiful. But she's not just a woman. Okay, just out. Yeah. You're all beautiful. You're all beautiful. You're all like me. You're all like me. You're all like me. You're all like me. You're going to miss her, but you'll have to come find her, you'll have to come find her. We're sitting in a very good, very full-life, all of your dreams come true. Inaudible Remark Oh my, I'm happy now. Being in love with you, and I've been really loved. We've been engaged now. I'll see you on the big day. Good luck to both of you. Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Inaudible Remark He told you about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. He told me about him. Let's find the British egg from South.MUSICMUSIC Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLE She is a lawyer and I wish she had been a Nazi lawyer. She is a lawyer and she never got to be seen. Excuse me. Oh, you want to be seen? She's not too big of a person. She's not too big of a person. Yeah, I want to be seen. I want to be seen. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Inaudible Remark Inaudible So I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed it. Inaudible Remark I don't know if it's that good. Ah, what? It's a shame. No? It's a shame. Oh. Of course. Ah. It's not a shame. It's not a shame. Ah. It's not a shame. It's not a shame. It's not a shame. It's not a shame. It's not a shame. It's not a shame. It's not a shame. It's not a shame. It's not a shame. Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We sure don't need people to laugh, no one did. You may have an album full of calls for the three bad news and action, but you know, because you didn't tell the folks about that issue, you both didn't tell me that you can't investigate my mother. Or I have to include bad things you've learnt. You were the first to know about it. and was hiding in the neighborhood of this company. I missed the trash change, really. Couple weeks to last recall. Tap and take a coffee. Take a cup. We've got a few drinks for a little bit. Oh, nothing.inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible That's what you got. Oh, I'll give this to you. You've got to have a grip just to keep that ball out of it. Pay the shuttle for the rules. Okay, seven here. Four. Wonderful. Not that for me. I'm going to have a black grip. You should. You wouldn't do it more than that. Music Music Background noise Background noise Hold on. What's going for close-up? What was that to hold? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence SilenceBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGMUSICMUSICno audiono audio Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Silence Silence