[00:00:01.11] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much. Thank you very much, thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm going to use that in the next one. I'm going to use that in the next one. I'm going to use that in the next one. I'm going to use that in the next one. Because of the rest and because of the final and because of the playing of your strategy, that's expensive. If you want to add a new expansion and quantified, I can say if you take one year of for the rest of the month. other coast. Carve that has been operating for almost a third of the time, and let me sell this. I'm sorry, but say it gives you some other time. Okay. Thank you for selling all the time. Silence Silence I'll put some tape there so you don't need to let me do that, I mean there's also a type of tape on my right hand blade until there's about 200% or so of what I'm doing before I start from the switch off, and you can always keep them running and maintain them just in case. I'm going to use a tape. start such as like maybe it's this kind of hyper focusing or like you need to make it you need to force it so we need to go down the pulp and now but then we start to use the the ground protein again so that's also the mediator of the slurks she's eating itINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE And let's get more regional little silica suggestive very expensive. Billion kind of Perino 7. Yachters. We'll be. Morning. Now we all use 50% liquid or 50% too, and there is effect of the mini-bissade here in the middle of the kitchen. Which disaster is everything, where yes, the chest is a little hard. of harm compared to fossil substance. It's a good checker arrangement. So overall, it's a fantastic record, and it's certainly used to show the clear image that energy has been produced for nuclear efficient. I have to change very little bit. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it. I'm sorry, I couldn't. I turn off any production I'm sure that it's not going to, but it's my Twitter, it will come up with something even better. It's also been just the end of it that it's pretty good, it's almost possible. Silence Silence We should try to do something else which is hopefully more productive. Thank you for watching. Well, the one I click upload, the other I have to understand, using a less vocal, but it voices being less understandable, probably that's not something you were really sure about yet, and therefore you have things, voices, and voices. That's really the single next distinguishable For what your voice This one What is going on? I think no She must be continuously obsessed with this, to do whatever, keep the loading secret last night, bruh. How do you know that works? Silence I'm gonna have to leave that on the bench. There's no reason we're made to see that there's something working together with the rest of your being there. Peter, now it's time to put it back on, and I can see what you want to do either of us build parts of them and then do five of them and then go to some of them. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected This whole because of the long circuit, we can continue to oppress and exploit it, or even being a sandwich, so we're all done. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence We're searching for one of the other things I want to know about it. (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You're painful when you can't see anything on the floor. You're painful when you can't see anything on the floor. Silence Let me show you how to do this on the top line. You can see the bottom line.no audio Where you're taught, the person you're good at. I'm going to look at the password and ask me and I'll just send it to you later. I'm going to look at the password and ask you to send it. I'm going to look at the password and ask you to send it to you later. I'm going to look at the password and ask you to send it to you later. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. I'm going to do a little bit more, but I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do a little bit more. So it does, but it's not really as unfair. So that's the solution. It's unfair, but it's not fair. But it's a million dollars. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilence I'll just show you how to do it until we're in the next one, I'll not go to the other exact. It turns out it needs to be a little bit more. going out and that's what we're talking about right now too.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm gonna put it on here. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Now, stop the abuse for now. Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence But, there is because you are taking back what you are going to be doing, and you are taking back what you are going to be doing. I wish you all the same. Just once we come, maybe we will eventually start.Pause Okay, so...PausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence We're sending them to the radio. We need to know what we need to do. We need to know what we need to do. We need to know what we need to do. We need to know what we need to do. We need to know what we need to do. We need to know what we need to do. We need to know what we need to do. We need to know what we need to do. We need to know what we need to do. We need to know what we need to do. We need to know what we need to do.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audioINAUDIBLE You see, it's easy only when you understand me, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) This is the first one in the Christmas. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilence How can you find yourself? I mean, whether it's nobody else. I mean, what do you mean by that? I don't know that it's somebody else, because I love people, I love them. Thank you.PausePauseINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)BEEPING Here you go. Oh, no, no, no.BEEPINGMusicMusic Silence Silence Silence Silence >> Uh, yeah. So So So So So So So So (clicking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audio Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clock ticking) (clock ticking) (clock ticking) (clock ticking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clacking) (speaking in foreign language) I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't let it rip, uh, I can't (light music) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (whistling) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if this is going to work. I see that it's going to be, um... ...which will work as it is. All right, let's see if it's going to work as it will work. I don't know. I'm going to see you at the bathroom. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audioINAUDIBLE I'll put it on the next platform. I'm going to get it. What? You just have to hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang Oh, yeah. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh, I've heard about intense. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) Ah, bye bye, Coco! So, the good secret begins with the lion. The little lion is a little bit of a lion. (speaking in foreign language) - Thank you. - Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Bell ringingBell ringing Ah, it's too intense. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (whistling) (whistling) (whistling)Birds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBellBellBellBellBellBellBellMUSIC I'm going to start doing this. I'm going to show you another ear. I'm going to show you another ear. I'm going to show you another ear. So, I'm going to do some simple, important work.PausePauseMUSICsilencesilence (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)no audiono audiosilencesilencesilenceMUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence >>Inaudible Silence Silencesilencesilence Background Sounds Background Sounds (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)CoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thank you. to do the same, to do what this was saying, and then I'll test. Maybe, maybe we can do that. (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) So, this is the first one, this is the first one, this is the first one, this is the firstCOUGHPausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence you you you you you you you you you Silence Silence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)silencespeaking in foreign languagesilencesilenceno audio >> Absolutely. (knocking on door) Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio It's out.