[01:31:10.82] OneOdio FM1:	BEEPINGMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Silence Music Music Music Music Silence Thank you. 80 cents. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And if you did, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's it, and if you did, that's (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It was all over the outside of the size we did. Oh, it is eight people. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Impleasing Radis, Met and Adoboks Radis Impleasing Radis *Squeak* *Squeak* *Squeak* *Squeak* (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) For the comparable science of the world of the people of the world. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's been me, it's like five years, for up to six years. (cow mooing) This part will move.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause It's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a... it's a It's the G-Romps Sulebaka baby. It's all the kids who do it, and she'll keep it in her head. Very bitter, she'll keep it, and it's all about the end of the week. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.MUSICMUSICMUSIC (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MUSICMusicMUSIC (upbeat music)MUSICMUSIC ♪ Let's go now, baby ♪Music MusicMUSICMusic Music Music (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) all the long-singed info, sweet and bothered so much. with Sandra Kim, she had a feat of a brilliant vampire and soldiers of love, and, at the end of it, yeah, it's the winner's winner. Yeah, so could it be the same. So, we have a brilliant vampire, a strong one. We have 40% of them, too. But for me, it's good to score, and the Sandra Kim, with the Sheffields, I have a link with the 750% of the 300% of the population in this area. I have a link with it. That's a big difference. So, in any case, the channel of Sandra Kim, I'm going to share this link with you. I'm going to share this link with you. I'm going to share this link with you.MUSIC (singing in foreign language) ♪ And she can come on to the earth ♪ ♪ And she can be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy to be happy ♪ And she can come on to the earth ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ What's wrong with me? ♪MUSICMusic ♪ And I'm being fed up with the bad things ♪ ♪ The movie is a shabby, the movie is a shabby ♪ ♪ The books that I had to do the laundry ♪ ♪ The movie is a shabby, the movie is a shabby ♪ Music ♪ I had one for three years in love ♪ ♪ You should have shown me the day ♪ ♪ You should have shown me the day ♪ ♪ You should have shown me the day ♪ ♪ You should have shown me the day ♪ Music Music for the King Ray market in the world, not to group up. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You know, don't feel that sense in your heart. But I feel like it.MusicMusicMusic ♪ And the air is equal, man, we sit on ♪ ♪ And it's simple to run ♪ ♪ And the body is simple to run ♪ ♪ We don't fall down ♪ ♪ We don't feel down ♪ ♪ We don't feel down ♪ ♪ We don't feel down ♪ ♪ We don't feel up to make money ♪ ♪ We don't feel up to make money ♪ ♪ We don't feel up to make money ♪ ♪ We don't feel up to make money ♪Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ But I was not supposed to be in sorrow ♪ ♪ And I remember being able to behave ♪ ♪ And to taxi ♪ ♪ 'Cause in a taxi ♪ ♪ But the mid-term I'm in for any living in ♪ ♪ For a good night through the night ♪ ♪ I'm usually all over the showroom ♪ ♪ And I will have to be full ♪ ♪ So I'm riding like me ♪ ♪ And throwing down a phone ♪ ♪ And I'll be in for a day ♪ ♪ And I'll mind me saying goodbye ♪MUSICMUSICMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter)MUSIC MusicMusicMusic Pause Pause Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePause and it really does. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) you, the career and conditioning events, be sure to head to handkips on the Fork for all business days and not for primary A. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, You don't do this on every day, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit in front of the door, don't sit Silence Silence Silence >> It's user.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence Silence Silence What are you doing? I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this.BELL RINGS (scissors snorting) Okay, I'm going to start with this one. Okay, yeah. Thank you for watching. So, I'm going to put my pen as two, it's right as the tablet's showing me the makeup is on me. but mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and mother and (clicking) (sniffing) Silence Silence You need to make sure that you're not going to be able to do it. Sure, I've seen a life that I didn't know. To me, to change something. To fix my... ...pick me. Silence Silence