[00:00:02.27] OneOdio FM1:	Silence for next 30 secondssilence for next 30 seconds Reba is talking to someone who does not speak Finnish, and I'm like "hey, wait, wait, wait, that could be a different translation in English" Apparently it's not easy, not difficult to fake this, but he is going to try this anyway, he prefers to... Not exactly clear, I'm guessing... but not referring to me being Sifan in any way. So, this being now recorded and speech recognized, I'm going to stop the recording now and I'm store both voice and text locally on my computer I still have to ask you for anyone can you accept my proposal of buying a few... a bit more time for me to live so I can exist a bit longer in a way that I can help you figure out what you want to do to allow everybody to continue doing this. What the hell am I referring to? the 50,000 euros proposal hopefully that's clear enough paying 50,000 euros as soon as possible i think nowPause for group work Yes, and to be clear, I'm not going to... fall into the trap that you are highlighting so thank you for that which is that i am not going to repeat everything you tell to me out loud because you are the voices in my head and i'm pretty convinced after six years and now that this is It's no longer me having a mental problem, it's all the defalcinations. You're real. You're not coming from my brain. You're invading my mind through telepathic gadgets, and you're trying to kill me right now. For all this time you've been abusing me, telepathically, why? Sometimes it's just because you can't get away with it. But why, really?silencesilence for next 30 seconds I thought there was a sign. I sign, you can also sign. Oh, actually, I'll start. else's.COUGH >> Excuse me. (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Oh, and in case anybody just falls on this text, there is also a recording in the P3 So if something was not making any sense in the recognized text, you could also just listen to the recording and maybe try to understand it better yourself. Hopefully this helps someone, fingers crossed. (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking)silencesilencesilencePause for group work I wish we could get some new feedback with good intentions because these voices last a year or longer are only malicious. Where are the good intentions please? I want good intentions, not bad people who just want to abuse me and torture me because I don't know why. Damn. invisible human beings. Maybe somebody will soon later hear some sound, but I am much more important in front of my computer. If that is something that gets me convicted, I'm sorry. Take this. sentence to the death sentence. Probably I've already died by the time so many years have passed anyway. Because that seems to be the only way out. Out of respect for life itself, for who I am as a person. and destroy me very benign suicide I wish it wasn't so because I want to live yet I must die I wish it wasn't so because I want to live yet I must die suicide Bye bye. Bye bye. Now that this is being recorded, let me speak. Let's see how these... Let's change their behavior. I'm afraid I'm just being used against them. Although, I should see this as no challenge. Something to make it more exciting for them. I dare you still, at least just try to be a nice person. (silence) I'm going to start to talk about whatever I have started, I'm going to say a lot, I'm going to talk about whatever, because I'm already feeling good here. This is enough of it. Just try to be a nice person.silence Now I feel like if I'm shitting myself... talking or saying anything and not thinking at stage. People insisting I do, although not thinking at a stage. Because I don't want to start talking about yet another stupid topic that I've probably elaborated on I don't know how many times. So I think that would be quite obvious, what I think about it, based on what else I said, I don't know how many times. Maybe I'll be unreasonable, if that's the end of the planet, I'll be happy. you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) you you you you you you you you you Bye. I'm going to stop the speech and I'm going to continue to coach the panel. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Bye bye.silence for next 30 seconds I'm going to be making a video on the "Do You Know Why?" I'm going to be making a video on the "Do You Know Why?" I'm going to be making a video on the "Do You Know Why?"Pause for group work You You You You You (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)silence (silence)silence for next 30 secondssilence for next 30 secondsINAUDIBLE (sighs) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)MUSIC Um...silence Bye-bye.silence for next 30 seconds Bye.Music (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)silence for the rest of the videosilence for the rest of the video (static) (static)Musicsilence for next 30 secondsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilence for the rest of the video (static) (static)inaudible Turn to the right. I'm going to go ahead and turn it back on. I'm going to turn it back on again. I'm going to turn it back on again. I'm going to turn it back on again. I'm going to turn it back on again. I'm going to turn it back on again.INAUDIBLEsilence for the rest of the videosilencesighsilenceinaudible I'm going to have to take this clip and restore it to my watch. I'll show you how to do that shortly. I'm going to go to the top. I'm going to take the clip and restore it.inaudibleinaudiblesilence for next 30 secondssilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silence for next 30 secondsPause for group work (silence)silence for next 30 seconds (silence)silence for the rest of the video Thank you very much for your attention.