[00:01:22.71] OneOdio FM1:	INAUDIBLE Now, the next one, this is the last one, this is the last one, this is the last one,silence (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic and you can turn them off as far as I can. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.no speech detected I don't know if you can see it, but it's a bit of a problem. I'm not stupid, or I was just dumb.no audiono audiono audiono audio >> Yeah, there's all of them. >> Yeah, there's all of them. >> Yeah, there's all of them. >> Yeah, there's all of them. >> Yeah, there's all of them. >> Yeah, there's all of them. >> Yeah, there's all of them. >> Yeah, there's all of them. I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, Silence Silence (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs)sighssighssighssighssighssighsclicksclicksclicks (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) It's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in Germany, it's a self-multiple tool in I told you to visit all the shields in security. Because you need to take a picture. I need to take a picture. PauseMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Come on, really, really, really, really, really good at it, Sam. Adam will be sure when she's on the other side of the scene. I'm sorry, yesterday, I'm not sure. I'm not gonna be serious.silencesilencesighsspeaking in foreign language Music SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilence I don't know if I can get it. I think that's the key to the final. I think that's the key to the final. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence There's a few other sausants over there.silencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudible Pause PauseinaudibleinaudibleMusic Okay, now we just want to turn on the switch. Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence Pause PauseMusicMusicMusic Thank you very much, and now I'm going to show them. Madrid Mande. No, no, no, no. and then again I'm either worked. I just got to kill an A&M, and we still need to kill something, and we'll have to also take it by A&M.silence So, should I do that? And I can call on you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. In the next one, we will start. To the end of the film. To the previous one. To the end of the film. To the end of the film. That fell on me, you'll come. I'm saying I need multiple chips, I'm not... All of them probably may be available. In the end, I know that you know too, where the dimension of the state, and in a subject, so I don't know any details, quite abstract them. So you know, all the twelve of them, so off. Well, I can now, now, now, now, I'm not much better at the origin, as you could be. He's all reading, all right. That's a heart. It's like, it's okay, I only want faith.SilenceSilence I'll claim up so that I can prove that I'm not going to be a member of the committee.Silence Thank you for watching. Silence Silence I feel like I can make a problem with a new spectrum of problems, but I don't know how to make a problem with a new spectrum of problems. Do what I said on the yachts, they are all against all the needs of me and you and I, we've talked about, you are immense, it's all I and I, and I have to send to you a... of this. With that on the yachts, just as far as we're at, then we could correct enough by the men. If you want to go directly down to the other room, you can go down to the other room. It's very sticks, and then you push in the other room and give it in to the other room. (knocking on door)silence So, now, come to the top.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible So, now let's talk, all the stuff we're feeling about. Okay, let's see what we're doing. Okay, let's see what we're doing. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Pause >> I'm a sandy, clean, tender, clean. Pause >> I'm a multi-tunex, actually, a stain. So long, he saw him trekking and then he was going to be able to go back to his home. So he was going to be able to go back to his home. So he was going to be able to go back to his home. So he was going to be able to go back to his home. Nice to interact in that spot, and so he stayed up in there and said, "Oh, I love it." And this and that, and then this and that thing. I'm going to have to get an open edge here in the middle of the picture, next slide in a while and then it's not going to be that way, so I'm going to have to start with a little bit of theinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> All right, it's a-- (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) If you're able to answer, I'm going to tell you. I don't know, but here, there is St. Oslo, I probably have to play, never done either, but I'm cool. So, did you hear my own kit, then? Why did I look so nervous? No, it's not. You I'm just a little bit nervous, but I'm just a little bit nervous. I'm just a little bit nervous, but I'm just a little bit nervous. Silence Silence This is an old type of code on ESO on Web2. That can't be bad. That... Thanks for all of our attention, nothing to say. Thank you for all of your attention. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) Thanks for watching! I don't know if I can make it. I'm sure I can. I'm sorry. Do you guys see what the hell is going on with me? You go on. Yeah! The National Item Nature.MUSIC >> What's your song about the meeting? >> The test of TV and my club.MUSIC >> The audition, I guess,MUSIC >> And the music of the (inaudible) He has been telling us that he's a Russian. But it's not a big deal, not an intervention, but it's not a problem. But it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem, it's not a problem I'll look to pay a little bit of the last amount of money that I'm going to do there. I'm going to ask him, "Do you want to start with a lot of shit that you've never seen before?" I'm going to ask him, "Do you want to start with a lot of shit that you've never seen before?" I'm going to ask him, "Do you want to start with a lot of shit that you've never seen before?" Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I've seen the TV show, the crowd and the last crowd and the crowd and I'm the crowd and I'm sitting there, the dance and the coolant man. It doesn't possibly look like a store that says, "Oh, America, number one." And there's the other guy that executes a kind of star suit. What does that really mean? Oh, America, not the one. I think that's the only one I can say about it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) And then back to the club, to the college, they were all his accomplishments and all his history. So that she'd start to say things like, "Come out, pal, it's on the arm." And they would also do that in the Y. The thing that this song...silence Pause Inaudible Remarksilence >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible I'm not here for a minute. I'm not here for a minute. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. I also think that's the best difference, I'm just going to stick my pants in the front, so I'll show you the came by the left, so I'm just going to stick it in there again. city I was the worst and I didn't get it, the bombs, it ticked me out again, snow of one's house with all sorts of things, none of them, even that substance, and then the last ball that we've shown in the movie is to yourself and to us in the movie and to us in the movie and to us in the movie. (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause >> That needs to start to say that we need to sit down. Pause Well, that's easy. Pause Pausesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence >> Yeah.PausePausePause Let me key out a little bit. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Yeah, two, three, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two I'm now going to do a bit of cut mode.MusicMusic Pause Pause Pausesilencesnort I actually have to buy Christmas for Christmas to understand how Christmas is. I have to believe in it Easter Bunny because otherwise you don't know it's to the Easter of Easter's needs.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected First point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, second point, a spine that means that it's very useful. Then you stand in the middle of the spine. You're just a little tired. Maybe you're not standing in the middle of the spine. You're not a person. Now to take about something that's... to screw my eyes, so what else are the 70-feminists doing to some extent, so it's every just pfft. I don't know what to do, but I'm just going to take a look around. So as you take it from other part initiative, we will do that for both of the globalisation of suggestion that there was an immediate. Thank you very much. Well, problems you can't live from problem to love is the world. Problems you have to understand someone else, but someone else understands you better. So that one will promise you.INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> That was just time for the reflection. That's all I want to say to you is that I'm glad I'm from the mission, Chris. You know that, Chris, you know that I'm from the Dalton. I know that I'm from the Dalton.silence I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, I'm going to go back here and I'll show you all the things that you just saw. Check it in. Check it out. Check it out. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, we're going to put a little bit more paper on this side.no speech detectedsilencesilence I'm going to put it up here and then we'll see. Shit, yeah.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic I'm sorry. I don't want to see the sound of the machine, I don't want to see the sound of the machine. I don't want to see the sound of the machine. . If you see that, follow the links on the description. You can shoot, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt, hunt,silencesilencesniffingsniffingsniffing I'm going to turn it over to see if it's going to turn out to be a bit too big. Okay. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much for having me come to you, no delay, no delay. I'm looking forward to seeing you again. (sighs) - We'll take into account the number two that we're allowing you. - Sure. (sighs) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) I don't know why I need you in my auto now, but I know that you need me, quick, quick. You already know I should go through that for you. So you have to tell us when you put the code to the normal range, right? Compar and what's in it that I'm doing, that I'm using, that I'm using the code too. I'll see you again in the line. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence And if you have any questions, please leave a comment below and I'll see you in the next video, and if you have any questions, please leave a comment below and I'll see you in the next video. There's a lot of work going on here. I mean, the whole day of years, and I would see it, maybe. it. Very dark tomorrow is midnight. It's midnight, but I am not dead, so you won't sleep at 12 o'clock tomorrow too much. Well, that's what I'm going to do.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs This is all to the top of the wall, so we have to tap on the left hand and then we have to do all the key moves to the right. All the stalls are still this, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been in the museum, we have left here to show, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have been all in action, we have So, I need to move forward. I'm going to be able to move forward, so I'm going to always... (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceinaudible Once we're up through... We're going in the middle of the line. Let me see. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, we're going to start with all of this real thing. We can actually do all of this in big, big friends. We're going to, like, I know it's the most intense. Can we move on that? Can we move on that? Can we move on that? Can we move on that? Can we move on that? Can we move on that? Can we move on that? Can we move on that? Can we move on that? Can we move on that? Can we move on that? (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm just going to show you how I'm doing today, and I think that's cool. I'm just going to show you how I'm doing today, and I'm going to show you how I'm doing today, and I'm going to show you how I'm doing today, and I'm going to show you how I'm doing today, and I'm going to show you how I'm doing today, and I'm going to show you how I'm doing today. I like to do that really. Go up in the east and out in the country. Yeah, I did. Without the old style. You see the new street lights? Of course. Silence Silence Silence You need to stir it, possibly not this, what do you stop it? What do you have to know, good at the literature? Well, there's only one literature. You are a complete elite.XBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND And now you're going to force me to think about somebody so you can fix somebody else. So do you think you're talking to him? Now when I was just swallowing it, it could be someone else, then you start thinking again. Besides the point, then they're going to say, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, man, you're used to, and all you're going to do is say, "Yeah, but it's okay because I never mean what I stand, and I always have a hidden angle meaning, or I would say that I'm not supposed to say it, and I'm not going to say it, so I have to say that I mean anything for any of us. Don't worry, I'll be fine. Again, I'm gonna do a little shit. I'm gonna do a little shit. I'm gonna do a little shit. I'm gonna do a little shit. I'm gonna do a little shit. I'm gonna do a little shit. I'm gonna do a little shit. I'm gonna do a little shit. I'm gonna do a little shit. I'm gonna do a little shit. This is getting not to be gone by acting for the time limit.Click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, clickMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I think that it might think that it's EH and the film over the worse. So it's just one of the words that is more of a film, and I think that it's a story to the man, and he's not in place. Yes, you are. I'm going to use a pen. I'm going to use a pen instead of a pen. If you have a pen, then you can just like eco-friendly, you can add another ink thing. Just be a boss garbage. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) I'm going to do the whole January 16th, I'm going to have to put the fire This bar is going to start on the next. I'm going to have to see if I can get the other one in the rest. Turn it between. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silence Yeah, well that didn't happen so. Silence Oh my, he's a bad push, no, that's why you are bad, stupid, I don't know, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, Why don't you just say nothing so there's nothing bad that happens in your culture? Say the word "notting". I keep on showing the "notting". Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. We have changed my scum through dot dot dot dot still to be refining the main time.silencesilencesilence But the distance will be a little bit, so perhaps a little bit more on the lower notes. Evil. while using power, think lens, maybe just things, and maybe tool to run around the circles all the time, and then we have there, that's what it's like, there's a black peak. The audio is not the audio pentagon, whatever satanic cult or something.silencesilence All right, gracious fellow again. It stands. and then to sign a lot of attention. There are some of these. They're called "potty" and "chip". (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) of the model of the eagles and the pieces and they're suresilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected SilenceinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicsilence Silence Thank you. >>INAUDIBLE I really understand why you're looking for shoes. to the menu of those two words. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. So, I think we're going to need to ask to do it.MUSIC Tested so much. Oh, I'm not sure why I've been watching this for years. Factory. So I need to say that I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I've been watching this for years.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking on door) Pause Pause Pausesilence Tell me, so, you could too, accept what you had done to us. Do you know the vibe more?silence I'm saying a little bit. I would just say, uh... I'm just going to simply... save the five for all of you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh, for your question is at face. I'm going to ask this doctor on the face. I'm going to say, "See you again." Please, and for me. That's good. Yeah, but it's no sign of nothing. I'm putting all my items on the library and I'm going to type this. But as fucking boring, I have to supposedly be angry or something. Otherwise, it's about reading questions that can't stop caring about something. I don't know if I should have known that it's in part two. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't know if I should have known that it's in part two. I don't know if I should have known that it's in part two. I don't know if I should have known that it's in part two. I don't know if I should have known that it's in part two. I don't know if I should have known that it's in part two. I don't know if I should have known that it's in part two. I don't know if I should have known that it's in part two. I don't know if I should have known that it's in part two. I don't know if I should have known that it's in part two.silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silenceno speech detected That's another one. (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking)no speech detected This one. Let me see. Okay. Thank you. Silence Silence and I am willing to meet the parents and raise a kid soon. I mean to meet the parents and raise a kid soon. I mean to meet the parents and raise a kid soon. I'm willing to meet the parents and raise a kid soon. Pause Pause Silence (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilence I'm making sure I don't need a bad touch, it seems. I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch, I'm going to try to get a good touch I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not surePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMusicMusic It's probably the written letter that I'm trying to write. I think I should start to go to a really long depression myself, so I decided to be a decent person to get out of the psychiatry, that's the only thing I'm going to say. I could hear music as it comes out of my master room. Silence Silence I'm not sure if I can do this again, but I'm not sure if I can do this again, but I'm always the irrescind. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, we're going to be in the next meeting. We're going to be going to talk to you to kind of recording your short. Let's see. Yes, sure. Okay. Thanks. So, thank you. Thank you for watching. and now I'm done. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. They hold about and then I sort of, I don't know what sort of thing they're called, insights. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?silence This is called the Contribute in the middle of the canvas.silence Maybe I will understand it a little bit more. I'm just a little search genius. A little bit more. Just to create the universe, you change the universe. I don't have much to tell you much. So that's really, I have a destiny So, this is the last one, I'll see you in the next video. I'm just seeing out the color.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So you don't need to know much about physics to understand that you think it's something changed with this one. As well as something changed with your little bit of your little bit of time. So I'm on the airs of it's finally coming up the reverse engine that TV's got everything that they still know. I think there are a million of them, not a number of here, but you can come up with a green generator there. So come up with a brand new explanation of the world around this cut-stroke. That's true. But at some point all those expectations come up. So there's still a running, and then they'll come together and they'll become metathor on another and the contours will be in the six. How can you tell more about this alternative and the DLA in the quantum field?silence The display card. The name is status. So long too. Almost.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, to be honest, what's the reason for quieting? And then, you want to do what you want to do? You want to do what you want to do?Music Thank you very much. That's what I'm going to do now, but I don't really know. I can't just close my head. You know what I'm going to do with these things? Welcome to the stage.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE You can do much more to search and find something to see. Thank you very much. you you >>INAUDIBLE Background noise Background noise So then they're still targeting how do you get the false notes to go, there'll be an interesting interesting answer here, it's a particle dealing with a stage that's mind-blowing. I don't know if I can tell it's not working.INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Let's go over the next step. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.silencesilence (laughs) versus the surface. (mumbles) (mumbles) Can you think it's easier? (mumbles) (mumbles) >> Why are you not doing this? >> It's a bit sporty.silence So this side I need to feel the feeling of this. Beyond it.SilenceSilenceSilence So, if we get the needles, the water is about to wipe out some of our antibodies, we get rid of the same. So, I'll need up room for one two minutes. One of my so-did I require changing that? Vaccine against the meal?inaudible So, it's time they'll show over things, any minute, times, but me and LoLis, it's a big thing I like, so I think it would be a whole new thing.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilence in case someone won't be able to get to it.inaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Here's the shrildest. Pause Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark Anyway, we'll do the object to it now, you know.inaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence What is something on the AI engineers' firewalls and that's the predict situation? We'll develop a new table predictable, right? We'll point out and reuse. It's... I don't know if you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it, you can see it or a bacteria, which makes me so happy to consider my one. I've actually left one of these things. Could you still be trying to make sure that you're still okay?Music Hey!inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusic If you are half the people who came along in the other half of the community, I'm sorry I'm sorry.INAUDIBLEinaudible I don't know what I'm doing, I'm going to be going with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not going to be seen with the big problems, but I'm not (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence I want to tell you a small little... I want to tell you a small little... I want to tell you a small little... (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause I'm going to use this to get a little bit more of a view, if you're not wishing to. I'm going to do this. I'm going to keep setting up this important. I'm going to use this to get a little bit more of a view. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence No, Tom.silenceinaudible I'm doing my normal job, and then the courage just needs to be done. Pause Pause Pausesilence So I'm a projection, a visual, a little bit of a twist, no, it's beam.silence We are not going to share any true beauty with this truth. Keep on compiling sentences on a fine penistone. It's all such big rounds. Accepts. You love all your men. Sent to be coming from the audience. Depends. Pause Pause Yes, that's how I do all these. Oh, I'm called Centration Paths. I'm called Centration Paths. I'm called Centration Paths.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oh, I can't show you the other half, but that's how it's supposed to be. You shit, man, and let's say, let's ask that because there will be two, and the sender. Send, and, and. Pauseno audio MusicINAUDIBLE That's nice look. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for joining us. (keyboard clicking)silencesilence What's the most is the difference of the era before the transformation of early events? I didn't really make a collection of normal people. Here to go I didn't make a conclusion, and from a self, I put in a financial system here that will record a distinction. The world's that goes...Breathing in silenceBreathing in silencesilencesilence I'll let you know when I'm getting it. You can't just be in the right place. When I turn into a place. I'm usually in the same place. I'm actually in the same place. There is important contribution. But if I should king, the contribution is evaluated. I'm slimmed away, and the friendship you should change so many, so many, so many, so many, so many, so many Anything that I could have said.silencesilencesilence Super science version of the...silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and assassinate the invasion of the two. Thank you very much. to justify based armor in my class in the 18th grade or not, or in the 18th grade or not. Now I have the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, the 18th armor, I have a couple of lasty bitch and I have three of them on the left edge, but I have to couple of them lasty bitch and I have three of them on the left edge. I'll see you all later, hey. >> 17. >> What may be the only same person.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to try to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like I'm going to be able to make it look like (knocking on door) Silence Silencesilenceinaudible I'm probably the first one to test it, and I'm probably not normal, but pronunciation is too quiet and I'm not sure if you will understand it or not, but I'm not sure if you will Take your left, turn your needle on, my motion, feet, and tap to your left, two, two, three, Got minus done.silencesilence Pause Inaudible Remark Silence Silence If you would let you turn on the airplane. If you would let you turn on the airplane. If you would let you turn on the airplane. If you would let you turn on the airplane. Pause Inaudible Remark I'm saying, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, it's not just, She will only try to move more lines, might say the line and put the cross commission. Why I need to use it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You do realize that's my love, cousin. You're agency. You're two people with your rationality in your side. You're a racist. You're a racist. You're a racist.sighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause And that's the phone. I've got a prayer stand. I'm going to show you the experience. Thank you very much. Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudible Silence that somewhere in the list, you're not there. But I wish you a nice day to listen. You need to listen to what we're going to do today, to listen to what we're going to do today, to listen to what we're going to do today. I could have been here.silencesilence I'm going to have to understand it again. I'm going to have to understand it again. I'm going to have to understand it again.silence You'll refer to this one.silencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause >> That's good. 12,000 sounds. It's one of the points I'm doing. 12,000 sounds. 12,000 sounds. 12,000 sounds. 12,000 sounds. 12,000 sounds. It's one of the points I'm doing. It's rather better to write a version to become an exponent than the element states. Because yes, such a different man. Then any of the previous coefficients, either write a person to create a change, be smart enough to do it in the name of too much instruction. but don't give yourself that will have to be since that type of goal would be for you before anything can get better with you. We'll just click on the number that's on the bottom left side of the screen and we'll see you next time.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause And all we cause of us. Oh, I'm looking on there and I'll see you slowly. Show you just kind of the trick you do in there.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause >> Searching by people and for people.PausePauseinaudible Silence The one that leads to the devil, to mush, to the flesh. Just in the thought of the earth, and I've seen a couple of them. We need to decline, decline, decline, decline. When I see a couple of them, I'll show them to you. Many, I'm sorry, but I'm trying to say that I can't participate, but I'm still not interested in doing that. That's the way it is. Silence Silence but it's a little bit more advanced, maybe a little further. Next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next See the end post of the video, that's kind of funny. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Do I have to do it for the exception? I'm just not much in the idiots film. You know, these are all new things you have which I'm going to need to do. Do this, and the shit is not in it. For more, your enemies won't send it from the shit in it. You can see it on the screen. You can see it on the screen. Why don't you feel the pain or the curse in your abuse? Why are you not able to feel that pain? Why don't you feel the pain or the curse in your abuse? Why don't you feel the pain from somebody you see suffering? I don't know if you're feeling the pain from somebody you see suffering?SighsSighs (clicking) (clicking) But I say what I say because it's important why do you find the reason to predict and then claim you're able to predict what I said. Let's see that out of the picture.Music And when will you allow us? Or I will wish the imaginary donations will you allow yourself to be an even greater support than to help you? that you're willing to try to cut through on the goal of the side-shed.silencesilence I feel now, correct me if I'm wrong, is that you're steering and you're constantly trying to find the answer with you to this question. Silence Silence If I didn't move this to the point, so I'm just going to sit down and see if I can We'll see you next time. I'll see you next time. you I'll see you next time.silencesilencesilence You need to change your expectations. Because while you're the hell I say, not you want, simply impossible, not you want. Just because you have to see that it's what it wants. Thank you very much.ClapClapClapClapClapClapClap Music Pause Yes, let's see. If people have feelings, who is my alert, what better than the edge? Manage to replace all his feelings, not feel the thing. But instead he looks for his visual confirmation of a reaction to this victim. anyone else that is able to He wants to see the pain in somebody else. This one, he considers remotions. Plasma, he knows he's still alive. Because he's able to see somebody else's pain. As a result of his action. There's nothing else he's ever since. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence I am starting to dodge by reviving the dodge and then there is a sending decoder start of it not able to be resumed, now I have it and then if you need to consider the two I'll see you in my stress, that's okay to have a good rest. of the house, and you're unable to forget something to at all, for the answer and everything that is simple and relevant, crush everything when you consider that way of calling it. I'm not saying test my parts, see the only parts, go on you always I'm in common there's If you stop walking the path, it keeps us human, that will be the end.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs lost the ability to govern if you want to know the word, because you don't want to. I don't take the time to really understand what I'm saying. There it is not. I love you every time I release you on a lonely post. You're welcome to put you down. Still addictive to this incident. I really understand. So you know that shouldn't you?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible If you have put all in your answered, you will see possibilities of different people, different answers, and not just saying, "ging on, I'm not crying, I'm saying," you will be compromised around for that call, and you will be very victims. Not too much. and this is the mess. Let's be right anymore, let's be at the end.Music on screen, going through them.inaudibleclock tickingclock tickingclock tickingsilenceinaudibleinaudible So you can try to have everything, but don't have to be into doing the things. So it's much better to put more out in the game, but also a cheap bond between the work things, and make your fats something out in the game, and then you'll come up with a culture wise. Who was in your room? It's still waiting on the screen. Let's watch him. It's still waiting for time to tell. Let me exercise. Yeah. I don't know if that's true. Yeah, let's finish.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Yeah, let's tell you the answer to this is different. and density is like adding salt, increase the taste, mark your studies. (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) Pause Pausesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> Thank you. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (coughing) the the net turns Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes So move it off, it's yours. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. I would say there was something serious with me, but I didn't think. I'm going to make a video about how to be respected in snow and in peeps. I'm going to make a video about how to be respected in snow and in peeps. Silence Silence to the patient as far as chance. They're reaching out to you out, but they're all close to you now, and the middle's one in the room. They're going to reserve their positions. They're going to be in a minute.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible of the level of the manifesto. So, this is the level of the manifesto. Thank you very much. Pause Pause I'll turn your force into people in this thing. the abusive voices. But I've always listened to you, so you need something else to complain about, because that's how miserable it is. You're not being miserable. something to fix just a scratch here but that'ssighsighsigh If it wasn't the true, I know I wouldn't have killed me until my show of falling in reach.Music SilenceINAUDIBLE Pause PauseSilenceSilenceINAUDIBLE you will be your slave. I'm accepting. Just ask me. I don't know. I don't even notice it. Why do you keep this ID in your hands? It's not because all of you both said, "We don't need to care about this bullshit. We found a new world with victims." the norm, the norm. It's not because you're playing that as it has words from all of people in your constant enslaved. Tenable work. Good thing you're shading all the time so you can't let's get you moving. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) One, two, three.silence Silence Silence We need one of those big, confessional bullshit stuff, you think that's a kiss on the cup shit, but it just makes it even more horrible because I think as later you start again with your views, just trying to bullshit yourself. So, uh, it's about the 7th conscious because it feels like it's... It's kind of the entire thing. (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And those two are safe here. Catch me now with this key, but I'm not sure, oh my. Just one, then, just one, then it's a new table over, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, it's a new, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.silencesilence just weekend video Thank you for watching. If you give me time to respond, I have to respond because that is a problem. As to it, I know how to defend myself against your abuse, saying a weird thing, conscious about the pain, your attacks, no stop abuse you're affecting me. That is how I'm managed to survive. Stop telling that they have to not respond that quickly and whatever and then you're gonna We refer it back to that other abuse manipulation methods to make people wait either. So, you don't get what they were waiting for or just because you want to make people wait just enough. So it becomes a little bit painful. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence So that I'm able to describe the mutations. If I would be able to train the world and understand the channel on the internet, I would go through this life. so that we don't come up with 8 million times where we're supposed to come up with 8 million times Silence I'm going to tear it all in here. You're able to come already twice yesterday or whatever the day was before yesterday, that's enough. You're exaggerating with masturbation. You cannot masturbate that often because that makes you happy. You may not be so happy in life. That makes you feel that you are actually feeling something and you are happy. That is not what we allow. Buh-hah-hah. Say no. No. No. No. You're the worst, but you say no to no. I know. So try to listen to somebody else besides me so they can also tell you know as they have you for. So that brings your obsession back to me because I am patient. it all. Good at this kind of. How I am going to further distort my worldview as you are going to explain right now, and now I am going to add a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit That's your line, let's go to elaborate, good, that's more food for this section. I don't know anything, I have too much luck with me and everybody else. No, no, no, I don't get here in the end, but I will be dead, and if that is what you need to be, uh... Well, I guess winning somewhere, mm-hmm. Then you can move on the rock towards the end. Sorry, I was wrong for you. But really, you stopped asking yourself, why did you do what you did? Because I still get the cost of money on some point. Because I'm the store, I don't see anything else. Sorry on the way. I should have moved here. I should have moved here. I should have moved here. I should have moved here. I should have moved here. I should have moved here. I should have moved here. I should have moved here. I should have moved here.Music and then we'll get the result of the unit in the semifinals.MusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm now shooting the TV here, I'm moving on in the middle of the door, I'm shooting on the You know, it's just, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you knowINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE You know I was not letting him. I'm not letting him. I'm not letting him. I'm not letting him. I'm not letting him. I'm not letting him. I'm not letting him.Sigh I'm not letting him.silenceclickingclickingsilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Upworked Shamines Tade and Rots What's a mark in the layer that goes by TadesilenceINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGsilencesilencesilence In visual, in linearity, in visual, in the specific, the COVID, despite my previous situation, we're gonna start thinking into the election round it's, the April analysis, it's a sort of dependency. to push you, put in the light, put again the push, I think this is it. You're ugly. Anything, anyone. We'll look, whilst we're on our way. We'll never look.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Well, it is your purpose. Thank you very much. >> Well, it's trying to find a new angle to it. It certainly can give you a chance to do it. Very short, let me just fire him a little bit, and I'll let him. No! No, no, no, no, I must kill the other one, which should not. Boy, sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I can't stand thinking of him. Nobody is any other one's possession. The other one's possession. You The other one's possession. I know it think it's all pointless, it think I'm being... I'll take my time to show you later. No, no, no, no, no. Oh, what do you want to do with human beings? You would never be in life, nice. You don't want to think about it. It's just yay. Now, if you want to solve a big problem in the world, you need to think about society.Music Be good for a little solution.MusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking)INAUDIBLE >> You're going to be thinking, I don't know if they're gonna regress if I were a toddler or whatever. I don't know if I can do the game, but I can't stay that I cannot speak any languages. Neeeee, neeeee, neeeee, if you would only be able to cry. Like a toddler.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There's all of the subs. That's what I want.Music So, let's do this, just. So, let's do this. That's somebody else who is claiming to miss much more. I just want to say that I'm not allowed to let that person say it, but it is me who is not fucking New Yorkers. Good thing you've been up. I am talking to some other boring, why do I think I am, I just say some of these boringsighs Probably has to say to some kids in the city, but if they want to think about that, that would be a boring question, thinking they're boring, and it's your mom that they had to.sighs So that's it, thank you for being here, and I'll see you guys later in the other way, problems, problems, problems that I'm not necessarily aware of, like, the solutions and the voice. Clear, and then become the girl on, tell us not to near, 400-year-old on, and let us say, to the platform, to the platform, do you want to be on top of the floor? I'm going to take that case to talk to the show, and I'm going to take a step here to find something to know. Here's your most experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced, experienced I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm doing something else that I'm not so boring. Why am I boring so I need to meet. I'm kind of wondering if this is going to end. Silence Because it's more of a... *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* Captain hindsight. Superpowers that are not so insightful as they were foresightful about left side and right side. That's backwards, no, it's hindsight and foresight. Okay, to you, sons, to the spiritual core.silence I do not care about what storyline you use to push it your way out of your push it. I'm not going to adapt what I am saying because of the value push, it's to cover your push. The insinuation of this makes no sense at all, I think it's true. You cannot emotionally... Push me to accept bullshit for more bullshit that you can then bullshit to other shits. Some more people live in shits, and all the way, all along, you're also having to live in your own bullshit. That's all shit, but at least it's a safe for everyone, and it's equality and everything that's in there for you all you didn't want. Shit, is this an overrun, you want it to need... *makes noise* *makes noise* (singing in foreign language) No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'll see you again, voice you're on, toss, whatever you think you're on, yeah I like it. Come on, let's go, come on. You have a lot actually.SIGHS Well, well, you know, you know, everybody's irrelevant because I'm not going to be able to do it. and now the only relevant thing on the planet because things for now are relevant to people because this comes down to no. The thing about the things is that we always thought there was about people and only the people, but then the thing is that it's now up to the tingle now because people did the ting that they didn't have to do and now it's the ting for the tings ting tinged up to the tings you know what the tingles are going to now above that to the other tingles. If all we take us to that, then there's no saying. Now, could we have anything but just one thing?silence And I don't believe in that it is going to be costly, but it ain't bad, bad, bad, bad, the fluvial portion seriously, isn't it?silence No.silence That was all right. Let me uh... years were so to understand the minimum. I'm trying to say, in the night of the night, in the night of the night.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic bigger crime it being so fucking ugly. Why can't I just kill ugly people, just put some wrongs that go and kill the ugly, that way it's beautiful, that way it matters to me. I don't know, no, no, no, I'm just having fun super chilly while I was seeing it. and many times not very big people don't need to know. So I'll be a super themite. It's above people who are supposed to sit. You can't think of any of these. Because it's just not so anything, and therefore, the remaining is... So that's essentially super just now, it's an idea. Uh, I might even have no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, (knocking on door) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) Now it is not about me, it is not about you who finish your thoughts, not you and the other things, but more important than everything. I don't know, I'm thinking about adding a 2-1 note. It's not too much. Give it a round. Oh no, we were simply incompetent to everything. Call and run something so doubts and obscure them anything. Ah, ah, ah, ah.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (coughing) Hello, Dylan. Here I am. (sniffing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll be talking about the scripting about the scripting about the script. I'm not going to say any kind of "missed out" I'm not going to make you know my name I'm not going to make you know my name I'm not going to make you know my namesilence It doesn't bother me at all, but it literally makes sense, and I'll plan on making one. So I think I'll do a very competent one. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilence No, that's a shit, no. I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more time, I'm going to do this one more timesilence Hmm, not good. This will not always be politician. Soon the command will be for their wife, but I'm having a little too.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE In the next condition I will solve up to the results of the serial number.silencesniffingsniffingsniffingINAUDIBLE experience and the summer faith and faith faith faith faith faith I'm going to put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so I can put it in the middle, so IsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSighs (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence ClickingINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SighSigh I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.silencesilence Pause Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (gasps) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence >> Speaking in foreign language I love instance. I love instance. I love instance.silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE to another scene where I crack up and I'm very supportive of that from background for my internet code as well the actual stuff up, you fuck up pvd, one is beauty and you cannot be beautiful. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Sighsinaudibleinaudibleinaudible on this. I'm nervous. I think it's a phase. Because it's a phase. I think it's a phase. I'm nervous. I'm nervous. I think it's a phase.SIGHSSIGHS *sniffing* *laughing* *sniffing* We're getting chill. *sniffing* Pause Pause Silence Silence I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this and then add a little bit more of this. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence andSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence And it's not being a real world, you know, you can get them. If you survive, then it's... 5400, then it's... 5400, then it's... 5400, then it's... 5400, then it's... 5400, then it's... 5400, then it's... 5400, then it's... 5400, then it's... 5400, then it's... I love the images, I love the images. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence SilenceMUSICsilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Vince, Vince and (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no audio (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no audioMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence Silence Silence We have too many and we can use it. (groaning) (groaning) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Oh. (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Silenceinaudible Pause (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) there will be a lot of time to find it. I'm going to start with the 7th one. I'm going to start with the 8th one. I'm going to start with the 8th one. I'm going to start with the 8th one. Thank you. I don't know what this is. What is it? What is it? I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. We were mostly interested in creating a system that's still in the definition of it, so I'm pretty much interested in it. But I need to be sure that it will be understanding.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorrysilencesilence Please have to worry about that. Pause Pause and I'll wash it if it doesn't stop, or it's enough. So I'll let him go on the torture. Don't. It's my turn. It's my turn.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to go get it, but I'm not going to respond to what's in there too. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Pause Pause So, if you are going to be able to do that, you will be able to do that.no speech detected Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Okay, let's see.BANGBANGBANGBANGBANGBANGBANGBANG (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Oh, that's a lot of fun. Oh, that's a lot of fun. Oh, that's a lot of fun. (door slams) >> What's the video about? >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you later, I'm going to send it to you latersilence And then there's our special ones, and then there's our special ones.Pause What color though?Pause What color did I want to make?PausePause What color did I want to make?PausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm just going to tell you that I'm I have no use. I'm going to have to not see shit so... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I need to do a little bit.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence (in foreign language) (in foreign language) (in foreign language) (in foreign language) and then I'm going to take a look, probably later on in the video.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause So I help each of them, and then it's up to us. Thanks for watching. >>INAUDIBLEinaudible I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you.silencesilence >> Well, I was not sure if this is going to be a good time.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't know if you can see it, but it's a bit of a shame that I can't see it, so I'm just going to try to see if it's possible. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a bit of a shame that I can't see it, but it's a bit of a shame that I can't see it, but it's a bit of a shame that I can't see it, but it's a bit of a shame that I can't see it, but it's a bit of a shame that I can't see it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> My mom. I am the most God's the means of living you yousilencesilencesilencestomach growlingMusicsilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music SilenceCAMERA CLICKINGINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know. Yeah, that's the truth. No, I don't know. Huh? No, I don't know. I don't know.silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Music Oh, you dead? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm going to talk now to you. I'm going to talk to you.CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK I'm sure I'll be able to see Zalim. I'll fix an ID and post all of them on the transmission. I'm going to change one of these.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePause I don't think I got the same thing so many times. I don't think I got the same thing so many times. I don't think I got the same thing so many times.sighsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause . . . . You cannot say without you, no, you don't. You cannot say without you, no, you don't. You cannot say without you, no, you don't. We're doing the one always true, and I will not be able to do anything else, maybe that there was never quite a lot of people search for them.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic Pause I'll need a... ...must have to take a step towards... ...notch... ...into the concoction. Notching up for a situation that might be inevitable. It's just a matter of... I don't know the data mission was, we just have to put the problem. to fix something else. Now we need to just not quite keep trying to come and even if anything's exactly all you want We'll mess it up because we think we know the purpose that we don't keep on printing That's true. Thank you for your time, and I'll see you next time. (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) And it's too much, right there, I like it. (mumbles) (laughs) (mumbles)inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence There are also those in costables affecting a plan that exists, no one has gone since it's a language. Maybe to have a list of that plan for this. Okay, great, great, great, great, great, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm sure it's an understanding of the existence issues.silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible We'll complete the most in this video. Thank you for watching. I'm going to do this again, so I can... We could argue that we never remember anything we never able to recollect anything we always recreate and impression of something else which was completely different. So, thank you to my or not do what it is, and in many cases, we don't have anything. For the very reason, we try to reconstruct what we think can be together from this to this in online. of the versions. One, and we're going to start with the interactivity of this thing.silence I'm going to switch to the next one, so I'm going to switch to the next one, so I'm going to use it. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to put it on the screen. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE It's a pretty cool puzzle. You can really figure it out a little bit. You'll see it. You'll see it. You'll see it. You'll forgive it, won't you? You'll see it. Silence Silence You can set it to 2 in 3, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, 2 in 1, I'm going to put it on here now, so let's just have a little bit more of a little bit. Silence Silence andinaudible Allow you to have some sleep. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Oh, I don't know what was created in this test too much of it. That's not going to make that. Any more updates? I don't know if I can do it. (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilence Okay, it's okay, I can see you in the process. Thank you.silencespeaking in foreign languageINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I don't really just start this year, fine. I have to paint two of those, probably one of them. I will return. I'm going to give you a chance to take this out of it. Crescent to the end.SighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSigh Thank you very much for your time.silence Best of all, I'm a genius. I'm sure. I'm sure. I don't know, it's a little bit of a time to wait for 3 months. Oh, there are the cards. Oh, there are the cards. Oh, there are the cards. Oh, there are the cards. Oh, there are the cards. Oh, there are the cards. Oh, there are the cards. Oh, there are the cards.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected I'm going to add a lot of other things in it and show some sides to the graphics and all the pieces. Oh, there's so many things to do.silencesilencesilence So, wrapping, that is going to last to do more stuff than the more extreme conditions. We want to make it all results, and we'll look at those things back together. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top of the screen and then I'm going to put it in the top Silence Silence I'm not going to do any of this. I'm not going to do any of this. I'm not going to do any of this. I'll turn it on and it's going to work on the bottom line, and it's going to work on it. So I'm not going to do that. So I'm not going to do that. So I'm not going to do that. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I'm very afraid of moving back. Or precisely.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence I should take that. You have a nice place. Silence Silencesilence Just as you're making this, I can see this. piece the brick piece to the welds with this, the bay this and a little bit like this just a little bit like this and a little bit like this, and... working on those. . . .silencesilencesilence Silence Silence and if you don't destroy something purpose was this rate, could you make a prediction on the level of page 2 and it's...silence Silence Silence I'm going to use the same thing. I'm going to use the same thing. I'm going to use the same thing. I'm going to use the same thing. I'm going to use the same thing. I'm going to use the same thing. I'm going to use the same thing. I'm going to use the same thing. I'm going to use the same thing. I'm going to use the same thing. I'm going to use the same thing.MusicMusic Silence Silence Silence Silence And then, oh, you actually are all the way to the next level and you expect to play the child on it, because when it's a game, you expect to play the child on it, and you expect We should... We should... We should... We should... We should...MusicMusic Okay, couldn't name it. Shit. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to get some of this, I'm going to get some of this, I'm going to get some of it. I don't know if it's a ball in it's here or not. I don't know if it's a ball in it's here or if it's a ball in it's here or not.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence and >> (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You know that it's a bit of a bonus. Come on. Silence and you're actually going to have to (knocking on door) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) and I understand you can hear me all the way. Here on this big cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) the .Silence Okay, let me show you something.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence I'm going to see that I'm going to add another face to this. Doing all this for once. I'm going to take a full picture.MusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Now that I've touched them...silence Silence Silence >> Any advice for theINAUDIBLE I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood, I think I'm still in a good mood I don't want to keep the wrong as it sounds enough, very. You know what? I'm just... I'm going to send it to this video's house. Thank you for watching. Silence Silence When it's not there.Music and find some of my stuff, the social world. Indeed, family are unique. They are a spiritual being. You can find some of my stuff, the social world. Here's actually nothing, I think it's a mess in here, as it is. I think we'll have five in a row. I don't think there's anything on this side. I don't think there's anything on this side.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE And the electricity and all the electricity that we put to concert Kind of actually is really good on the electricity That's why you expect to be in a long face Come on So that's it for the digital network I come on the board on the top right and the machine on the top left But why should I do that? the thing is X, I'm going to say it's on here, it's up on that side, so I'm going to say I'm going to go up in the action, I'm going to go up in the action, I'm going to go up in the action, I'm going up in the action, I'm going up in the action, I'm going up in thesilencesniffingsilencesilence Good job, you mean it all the way there? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm going to go ahead and do a little bit of the same thing, but I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. Perfect to do this, come on. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much.silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to focus on this one, I'm going to focus on this one, I'm going to focus on (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> I thought you were going to stay in the basement. I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen.inaudible I'm really curious about X, unless there's an opening on it. What's up with it, you can. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to make sure I don't get too close to the end of the video. I'm going to make sure I don't get too close to the end of the video. I'm doing it, I'm doing it, I'm doing it. (speaking in foreign language) I hope you all are well. We'll be back in a few more days. We'll be back in a few more days. We'll be back in a few more days. We'll be back in a few more days. We'll be back in a few more days. We'll be back in a few more days. We'll be back in a few more days. We'll be back in a few more days.INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) Music SilenceSilence Great expectation.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilence You're going to have to do a chance. Hope to learn, hope to learn, hope to learn, hope to learn. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingCClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingMusic What?Music (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) - Thank you. - You're welcome. - Thank you. - Let's start to...PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (claps) (door slams) - Um, it's all over the place. (door slams)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHS Silence I'll be a little bit slow. It could be long, not too long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, but it could be long, (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to lay my shoes on and I'm going to show this to all of them. (Pfft) (Pfft) (Pfft) I'm going to lay my shoes on. I'm just going to play and play a little bit more on this side. Come. Yeah, and then we'll go down the middle side.silenceinaudiblesilencesnifflessilenceSilence on the air to your name. You're on my next video for this. You're on my last video on my latest stuff. Thanks a lot for watching my video and see you next time. Do you understand the best you're telling me I can do? Do you understand what I want or is... ...to know?silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicks)inaudibleinaudiblesilencesniffsilencesilencesilence And I'll start to allow you to do this at the end of the day. So, I'll just do that. I'll allow you to do this at the end of the day. I can't stand that bitch with the gun, I can't stand that bitch with the gun, I can't stand that bitch with the gun. I'm not called a talk sectional, but I do possess your cleanliness, your pain, your mercy, Can I tell you who's felt in there most of them?Pause Not toxic, but so many.PausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silence I'll find the date that we should put the cloud in it. I don't know what to do with this one, but it's a little bit interesting, I don't know what to do with this one, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a little bit interesting, but it's a littlesilence So now, it's a bit... You watch the boy and I every time I take a date, most kids appear which work becomes, more like a kid dance, for both.silencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC >>INAUDIBLE (clicking) - Well, did this new one?Clock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksCClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksCClock clicksClock clicks I'm going to put this in the room now. I'm going to put this in the room now. Shhh! Is this the room? I'm going to put this in the room now. I'm going to put this in the room now. I'm going to put this in the room now. I'm going to put this in the room now. I'm going to put this in the room now. I'm going to use that one. Let me tell the bottom. I'm going to put this in. I'm going to put that in the top. I'm going to put this in. I'm going to put this in.no speech detected (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) I should have put some of that in the middle of the screen so that if we can actually add them off to the whole screen, I'll add them off to the other side. I don't know what it is, but it's all over. If you don't know what it is, it's going to be the same. It's going to be the same, but it's going to be the same. It's going to be the same, but it's going to be the same.silencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more time to do this, I'm going to have a little bit more And like, now it's a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudible (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to the next season to be on the e-lap one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and oneno audiono audio you you you you you you you you you you I guess, double in. So little deal, Tom. So little while, I am as thin as I am. I'm all a kiss to couldn't happen often. I'm not good enough. Tom, it's... Thank you very much for your time, I hope you enjoyed this video, see you next time, bye bye! *laughs* *speaking in a foreign language* *speaking in a foreign language* (clicking) (sniffing) I'm going to put a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit I don't want to meet them directly, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I don't want to see them do anything, I'm glad I have a record to move on to. I'm so happy with that. I'm trying myself, but for the moment, I'm going to compose. I love for that. So I'm too low, and I'm going to sit on it for the moment. I just want to call the other code, do my autopsype. Don't listen to any smell to do them and I'm all more, more, more, more.Clock clicksClock clickssilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE Thank you very much. like to go and make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going to make a state movie that you're going I'm gonna stay on the... I don't want to be on my own. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* (keyboard clicking)XBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDCLICKCLICKinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you, that's a very long, predestination to something I don't like to bother on, but I'm I'm attracted to him. Not dead for most of the eps. No, I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to do this for one. Then just turn it down to the recent time. Okay, I'm going to do it again. so we can extract the link 12 e-sounds Thank you. I'm going to start with the last one, the last one, the last one, the last one, both of the kids. I'm going to leave it there, I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to cut it in half. I'm going to cut it in half. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. It's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a matter of status, I don't know if it's a Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE I'm just going to put those in the wrong place, so I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle of it, and I'm just going to put it in the middle around here, you want to listen? Thanks. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And here that's the job thing, if so, what was the, what was the, what was the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Why am I into you? I'll just leave it there, I'll just pick that up and then it's all set. We just need to take still the knowledge. Stand on the start, man.no audiono audio Silence Silence So, the left also got good videos now, it stayed less meters growing, and the mouse is now like this, you just need to get the conclusion of the mouse feed. I'm going to be doing my figure, I haven't been working for years. I don't think it's very good, but it's not work, and it's something quite different. Thanks for watching. I'm not going to write down the implementation of the operational bits. Pause Pause Pause I think all that sort of sensing is that people need to be able to understand that they are not. which let's say able to call a fighter loves to understand more than what is decided somewhere that they may understand so and that I'm driving it too. to force the pump to move up to the shmitters, too much knowledge gets you into trouble with the 60-pound building and holocias is a recipe for failure management, but at some points have to get a bit smarter if we want to survive. Submar, if it's in the holiday or millennium, cannot be more stupid because a lot of people do bad things with smarter stuff. I didn't have a really game or a good chance to do good. This is here, there's still much risk in blood. We've got to able to do that one. With your knowledge, with my work, words, to be stopped by my enemies.Panting Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilenceinaudiblesilence Yes, do we back to that question? What kind of rules do you want to make about us all by your own? An educator, creator, and more people will find it and avoid it all to take up real response. possibility for a really impossible to solve to a serious, you know, not go that on your needs. Thank you very much. Yes, this is about the amount of the result, because otherwise you cannot see where you need to go to get there. I don't know what you're right here, I need to be to switch up the station to buy a robot tin, and I wish the whole output and you judge seriously because that's something you also need to think about if it is worth it. How much of what it means to be human, to be conscious, to be aware, to be conscious, to have religions by your winning to sacrifice for what you know and what you say no less. Yeah, but what do you want to survive? What do you want to earn left? Well, it's survival of the Chiefs. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. You also see that there is a big thing as well. So, I'm glad we cannot miss the barrels from history. They all won't do it. You're the most vulnerable now. I'm glad we cannot miss the barrels from history.silenceinaudible So, we are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this. We are going to do this.SilenceSilenceSilence What is your thing? Seems you only want to use this tool to spit so you can revise a bullshit-consuming answer so you can avoid giving a real answersilenceinaudible displayed the top questions so you don't be bothered. You put this one in all that I know Pretty well after From a comfortable at some point And Creating an impossible situation. Create an impossible situation. Create an impossible situation. I'll be in this. It's so stupid. be so sheep so therefore it cannot be true because it is true. If I do more about it then I will say the thanks to sheep so it is good for me and I will say that I will put it in the seat. But I feel a little sick as I am going to put it in the seat and I will put it in the seat and I will put it in the seat and I will put it in the seat and I will put it in the I am not going to dignify you, Dolby. But do that if I missed it, and also a fellow ball.no audiono audio *coughs* You're really too cute, and then the song making... ...nice, and I'm posting that you're really... ...nice. Making the top decision you're willing to kill people, no reason, because otherwise... Who else will do it? Oh, come on. Oh, this is... It's not usual to do things that are necessary.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and It's going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going in, going I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. You know what I'm saying? What am I going to say even? You're supposed to be a fair coach for them, and they'll leave to me up to your trench shorts. Not ever, and you'll send all of them all to us. So they'll let us work with them. I'll just see you to the bottom of the account, and the turner cams I'll talk to you here, and I'll have them act according to you, and I'll have them act according to you. I'll take that to your community and then I'll see you on the next one. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence I'm still a little soon.Music You're not able to put a good effort on the jump and turn off the heat stuff. That makes you want to... Oh, what is the comp? What is it?click, click (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) Take care of. Just plenty of time coming up. Let's go and check. One of the stills. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) That's specific, because you're talking about time where a detail is really matter. Silence there this one And then it's a question, how that would impact the brain or condition of the living I'm going to have my control resist and then I'm going to kill the first situation forSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (clicking) (drumming) (drumming) (speaking in foreign language) (drumming) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's a 15 millennia before people understood that you actually cannot do without a very big thing called "Elephant Man" in Osberg and Furnit. Okay, imagine that. to shop to the event, be real, whatever thing they were, and stuff, and um...sniffing (knocking on door)silencesilence But what about the mods? The fact that you cannot create this to also say any other different groups of people that speak completely isolated from other people, and then you're gonna try to fix that with your genetics, then. Well, that's not like 50 years ago. The still feels like I don't know, maybe I'll have to scheme it on. (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) The top hits of everything that Mac came to do on You know, I'm having a quick population album, so I'm really sure it's all very good. For sure. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to sell you down my own server. Is that delivered? So you get the next update. Don't see a team car call 20V reaction on the team car.SighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSigh I can't see anything in the scene. I need to see if there's anything, and you know this more fun time. Bye bye, hi, hi, hi. I'm Ysuk Shark and the other one I chose is called Chos. I chose because I chose the other line, the cheekbone, the skulls, the gallop thingas, the tongue of shark. A shark is not like a lost thing. A shark is fish, fish, fish. The skeleton of the shark. I guess, like, can you inset? Maybe I should have just happy moments as God. Lobs of the seven, you know how I was God? I could plan on to this house side. It's exotic. I don't even know what's about it. It's just a bit weak. It's a slight... No, it's a bit too much. No, it's not. No, no, no, no. I never say I don't know, but... Pause Pause I want to present to you the answers to these questions.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm now in the class. Hopefully this time to show you the last things that you're going to do or take my slide with, because it will be all the things that you're going to do. Why are you doing this to me? I'm not going to do it. Oh I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. Silencesilencesilence I'll try to set it on a new one. I'll try to set it on a new one. and then you complain about the size CYU when you're planning anything to us, the stress. So you can make people believe what there's no need to be. that's true, we'd rather not think we'll start. We're serious. We should think people are all going to be stupid.SighSighSigh Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudible I'll see you in a different case here again when you get here. If I wear myself, at least that kind of makes me reach the value of illusion. With you. all set everything on the ground but nothing ever new. Just by reading my stuff or a bit. I just set the codes that you're reading and not reading. But I can do something about it though earlier I can let the planets go in the mid. That's pretty good. I'm not sure if I can turn on the info something stupid, but I'm not sure if I can turn on the info something stupid, but I'm not sure if I can turn on the info something stupid I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't All the men on the floor, they're going to be the shoes, so I'll sit you wish.silencesilence >> Hello,INAUDIBLE Well, I can take it so seriously that it's too serious and I know that I think it's also all the covers too serious, if we get people who want to be covers, I also have the kind of an up sign that it's kind of cool, whatever, not people who are landing well, something.sighs it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it And now let's see, can you improve all things that you were going to improve later on, so that I'm just updating the thing that I didn't make you better than me or all of mine and all of you all again? That's because you don't see what I see. because you think you see something but at the hour you're able to open your own eyes but you see too much you you you you you Okay, all right. Let's check that she's on the top. Let's check that she's on the top. Now you're in your calculator, I'll snap, I'll cast snap and I'm just going to get it out there and I'll absolutely come back from this show. Okay, I'll have a hand over there. Yes, Alex, what the heck? When you are up, is too? I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready Yeah, there's your smile on it, like you can pick one, your search, and then I'll put it on the video also. Oh, I'll pick an NMS, and then I'll look at the other video only. Then the other smile. Logan Clouds Music Library. I'm not sure if I can do it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You cannot study what is beautiful. You cannot study what is beautiful. You cannot study what is beautiful. Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencecoughinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Now, Kaka, that's just some Kaka, you know, originally defined as an emoji course. Now that's the course, so it is better than it is for the availability of our other impacts. Which means there are no points to...no speech detected Silence Silence Well, we'll do that too. Directed in all twits.SilenceSpeaking in foreign language So that's all that's working, let's have it all 10 there we are.silenceMUSICINAUDIBLEMUSIC I'm going to respect you, I'm going to respect you, I'm not telling you the helps. I'm going to let you help me, I'm going to respect you, I'm going to respect you. I'm going to let you know that I'm going to let you know that I'm going to respect you.INAUDIBLEMusicMusic And now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one, and now we're going to have another one.no speech detectedno speech detectedMUSIC >>INAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. Silence Silence Well, we still need to run around for many long pass suites, make sure I need to spell (speaking in foreign language)silence Does that actually work?silence Could some stuff come, say some stuff, those things.INAUDIBLEsilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic I had a new experience in the world, new years. Tell everybody. (coughs) (coughs) (coughs)INAUDIBLE I'm not going... I'm not going... I'm not going... I'm not going... Silence Inaudible Remark Pause Inaudible RemarksilencesilenceinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECOUGHCOUGH Background noise Background noisesilencesilence So much less than a few seconds to reach these things.silence And I couldn't see anything.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) You need to come to my room and make a bed and you take touch you need on the scone. and I may do my own year band I would say that the top would turn into a band once I would leave my band and I would say that I'm teaming up a cult itself a cult wouldn't tell me I don't know what to say. It's all over the place.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Pause PauseMusic I don't know if you can comment on what I'm talking about, but I'll take your email and take your shushions and you can do it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Pause Yeah, let's solve it, I think.silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible We did not have a set up. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> Okay.