[00:00:00.02] OneOdio FM1:	(sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilence Don't be what? I'm so bored with the game, I'm so bored with the game. I'm going to put this in my shirt and just do it in my voice. I'm going to put this in my room. I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I'm going to put this in my room and then I I'm going to put this in my room and put this in my room. I'm going to do it. I'm not going to do anything. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Oh yeah! I should actually need to announce that we will not see names. I'm not sure if I'm going to hear any sound in the mail to hear it. I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of oil to the pan and add a little bit of Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house. Oh, he's on top of the house.MusicMusicMusic All type of data is paid from Sessing out of type to publish it. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Silence (sniffing)no audio (mimics clicking) Bitcoin people, Bitcoin people, Bitcoin people. 19,000. We hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we We hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear, we hear,MusicMusicsilencesniffsilence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedMusicMusic Thank you very much. Let's add more. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence That will let's cut down to that voice over. Thank you very much. . Silence Silence Silence Silence (claps) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE Alright, now that we're done, let's see if we can get this in the next video. Open to a girl, so let me see what's all over the door. Now let me know if I throw that upon my dish or something. So, so let me see what's all over the door. Now let me know if I throw that upon my dish or something. So, so let me see what's all over the door.silencesilence So, that's it, I'll see you next time. I don't want to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm Thanks for all the You You You You You You You (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence You got this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music She lost her place for a drink and she tried to remove the glass, and the glass she was sitting mad at me when I was a baby, and the glass she was sitting mad at me when I was a baby.MUSIC ♪ You know I'm a champion, you know ♪ ♪ That's right, you know you ♪ ♪ Show me, you know you ♪ ♪ She's not the last one, you know ♪ ♪ You're my champion, you know you ♪ Music Music ♪ My time to sit ♪ ♪ What? ♪ ♪ Sit and sit and shine and be in ♪ ♪ Sit and be in ♪ ♪ Sit and be in ♪ ♪ You know what I'm saying? ♪ ♪ That's it ♪ ♪ That's it ♪ ♪ That's it ♪ ♪ That's it ♪ ♪ That's it ♪ ♪ That's it ♪ ♪ That's it ♪ ♪ That's it ♪MUSICMUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) It's so easy. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Oh bitch, you're so beautiful ♪ ♪ You're so beautiful, you're so beautiful ♪ ♪ You're so beautiful, you're so beautiful ♪ ♪ You're so beautiful, you're so beautiful ♪ ♪ You're so beautiful, you're so beautiful ♪ ♪ You're so beautiful, you're so beautiful ♪ ♪ You're so beautiful, you're so beautiful ♪ I shall be there with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music MusicMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC MusicMusic Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's cool lines and important angles of Shuffle Line, but it's good to be in the (speaking in foreign language) ♪ Every time I think of you ♪MUSIC (singing in foreign language) Music Music ♪ It sees at the start of the season ♪Music ♪ Let me know when the world's in me ♪ ♪ Let me know when the world's in me ♪ ♪ Let me know when the world's in me ♪ ♪ Let me know when the world's in me ♪ Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic MusicMUSIC Music Inaudible Remark MusicMusicMUSICMusicMUSIC It's going to be nice.Music Music MusicMUSIC MusicMusicMUSIC MusicMusicMusic Music Music ♪ We did it in the old stop to the evil ♪ ♪ In the old, the busy ♪ ♪ On the dark, the morning, the day's the last day ♪ ♪ We were talking about the time ♪ ♪ We were wondering ♪ ♪ We were talking about the day ♪ ♪ We were not in the old stop to the evil ♪MUSICMusic MusicMusic MusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic In those cases and you ask what's not going on for the same money paid by government They're gonna compensation What you're gonna say is fake and they are the others but you see because you don't think you don't under the right thing Don't keep on being cruel I guess, maybe, knowing what I do, what I do. That's what people know.MusicMUSIC Music I'm going to get to it soon, but Bitcoin Paypal futures is a better account than the H5Bs and the H5Bs and the H5Bs and the H5Bs and the H5Bs and the H5Bs and the H5Bs and the H5Bs I'm also undefeated. I'm done, I have also. It's a lovely girl, I was like... I can't believe it. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Yeah.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Pause Pausesilencesilence Thank you.inaudible I'm not doing anything to do. Now it's time to dance. Until I find myself as I am. (Sigh) (sighs) Silence We just have a second celebration here in the show for still. It's actually the same as most of it, touch me, but we have already held the point, and you can get it in there, it's going to be the same, and we're going to get 12 points from Belgium next. That's the point, go and make it some. I'm going to take a bit of notes. I'm going to need to come to them now. It's about unity, it's about law. show that there's an upload to make this right. Just a mistake. Let's do the right thing to show everybody. We can't make this right for the hell. It's best for all of you. Show this an upload to do something like this. Or beat you if you don't want to see the whole life. >> Where are we going there? So if somebody gives you the middle finger, you can put them in jail, come on. People get upset, people make gestures. They are criminalism. (keyboard clicking) (clicking) Maybe that's why nobody sees me as. You need to much cash for us. (clicking) (clicking)Pause Good boy, because I need to be able to nice show and you don't seem to understand me. I am here in Hini, and my men go home and you are also in Hini. You are going to be too late because morning, and I feel very sad and too boring. I don't want to be important, but I just want the world to survive. If I'm willing to make it survive, I need to give it all I can. I'm going to do the same. But maybe you are also the one that needs to make it outside. So just give it all you can. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh, six mores. in the week. Next week or so. You got to do this? Come on. Next week, here or so, again. Cult edition or some sort of celebration. This is a makeup edition. Well then people started to hate me all the other way around you because I was so excited like this. I don't know. This means something. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. there attached to people, they've had all the people for no reason, and there's nobody's fault, it's just... slipping in the back, I get it out of the way. I'm not gonna let that go somewhere, yeah.COUGHING (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking) (knocking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) No, I'm Twitter and put that the boys for the last is out there, all the rest is also to it, you're right. That was just a note for causing and what I was going to say. No, it takes a little. No, that's true. I don't want to just pause, that's it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'm going to go to the State Pudge and then you should have an endagosis for them, peace Yes, buddy. I don't know why the British party is almost self. The British party. In Gaza, where do I fall? The British party. This is a star that creates stereotypes in people's minds. Use this opportunity to do exactly the opposite. people you also love them from the moment when you come out of this country, and even when something awkward happens like this, which was misunderstood, people don't have to imagine the worst things, but just maybe they're wrong in me, or were you active, made me over just to come out of this, or whatever. Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh my God. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected the of >> I'm calcating that C-blown, that's the best thing. Paint is very full over.MusicMusic Show until you have people telling these and I'll come back. from here, the psychosis is still there, the psychosis is still there, the psychosis is still there, What's going on? Silence Silence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, yeah, we're nice to meet you. I love you so much, thank you. I love you little night, I love you too. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. (keyboard clicking)MUSIC >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceMUSICBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGsilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Hey, come with home.silence I'm gonna have to do a little bit more. So I'll stop here and I'll just amend you. Yeah, home in the barring. So, I'm going to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a little bit easier to make it a I'm going to give you an example of the deposition, the time to stand, the whole world. I'll take a little bit of a trip, a little bit of sleep, a little bit of sleep, a little bit of sleep, a little bit of sleep, a little bit of sleep, a little bit of sleep, a little bit of I don't know if I can do that. But it's not a bit too much for me. It's a bit too fast. It's a bit too much for me. I can't really do it. It's a bit too much for me. I can't do it here, I'm not sure if I can do it here, but I think it will be fine. (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) We have to work with the approach to the application, the name, and the capital, and we have a very long way to go. We have to work with all of the applications, and we have to work with all of the applications, and we have to work with all of the applications, and that's it for now, it's the end of that day. That's what the proofing is all about. Well, this is what you're hearing. It's the end of that day, and this is what's all about. It's hard to prove that it's not the end of the game. That's why we're going to leave it to the end of the game. It's a good idea to know what we're going to do. and then you turn it around, and you don't write it all in the same way. You just have to do it a little bit more. I don't want you to say that you always want to understand what you're doing. You just have to do it a little bit more. You just have to do it a little bit more.inaudible So I need a Dimash on the P1000 Ti as we're improving my dursa. I don't need to do that, I have to flip all in and do the max shift. It ended up with salt, that was a throat and a pain in the stomach. I don't know if I can put it in here. I'm going to put it in here, but I have to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to use the same thing as you can see here. If you want to use the same thing as you can see here. I'm going to use the same thing as you can see here. I'm going to use the same thing as you can see here. I'm going to use the same thing as you can see here. the stein and sleep the longer it is, so it is. Thank you for watching.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I think that the people, not many people here, have been brought to us for a long time. I hope that they will still be able to get used to it. If you have had a lot of experience for the past 70 years, I'm going to take a look at the rest of the rest of the video and see you in the next video. Thank you for watching. Glad to be able to see you in the next video. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no audiono audio in the middle of the previous room.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Oh, that's a good one. Not so detailed. Not so detailed. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (claps) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And that's it, right, no, it's tight, and now that's the goal, let's play it all together and make it in the end. Thank you. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of I'm going to come up here with you guys. I'm going to come up here with you guys. I'm going to come up here with you guys. I'm going to come up here with you guys. I'm going to go see. TV off-sand away, it's not for snap time. Next time, I'm going to TV off-sand away. I'm going...silencesilence Well, this is a beautiful music, the music hits it, you know, but while you hit 8-9, we're We're going to find a film that I'm going to film. I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in there and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going So, point to me made out of pointed out stuff. No, I didn't, I was first and then something else. 10 days of the second round without the furthering something, there's an empty... NANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNSounds of a dog barking No, it's more kinetic. So, I'm going to keep everything. from the bottom, from the middle, from the middle, from the bottom, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, from the middle, There's somebody else to come, right?PausePausePausePausePause If you say nobody in the perfect situation that's in, you can't talk to them, or where you can't talk to, because of the brainwashed, I'm saying everybody has troubles to, to, to, to. might as well have something in there as well, so this is really to prevent something like this, and this way. Don't investigate. That's not really a... I think... Goal out of many, that's the greater end goal for the IP. I don't mean that, I'll miss it right because of the game. Let's get from ground.no speech detected fake words and I won't accept the stuff that I made no sense for a year ago that you know I'll try to make sense again in your exactly doing the same thing. So no, I'm not going to really start leaving that stuff but I was again the blackbirds, the superstar version of the thing that I was going to be in my hand and that was on your side. I don't know if you know how to do that, I don't know if you know how to do that. You You Yousilence Yes, I can tell you what you're going to do.Musicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence So, this is the last one. the case we get. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICK I'll stop right here in the game. I'll give a hand here and I'll have a hand gesture here and I'll learn it. I feel like I'm even dead. Okay. (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Silence Pause Pause >>INAUDIBLEno speech detectedsilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know what it is. I'm going to keep it all the way back in. I'm going to keep it all the way back in. I'm going to keep it all the way back in. I'm going to keep it all the way back in. I'm going to keep it all the way back in. I'm going to keep it all the way back in. I'm going to keep it all the way back in. I'm going to keep it all the way back in. I'm going to keep it all the way back in. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing)silencesnifflessilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> Easy now. >> I'm sure you tell about this. I don't know how to do it. We don't come up with anything new, but I don't think I know what's going to happen to us. I don't know how to do it, I actually don't see what's going to happen to us.silencesilence >> I should push more and more to what's the app is. If she's a subordinate of this, a door. They do not see us on the outside yes because it's still changing I don't know if you guys knowSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'm not going to lie, it's just me and you know what I'm doing. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. (laughs)MUSIC It's not done now but it's done.inaudible should react to this. Get boys to do what they need to do. I mean the name is on the other thing. Oh, I'll scan this. Be anything else. Everybody who knows any of it's true. Yeah, I'm sure. You must end up thinking that your aunt seems to have done them with all of this. Oh, you must have done it. You're done with it. (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) I don't know how to do that, so that's it. But we're going to do that. We're going to do that again. We're going to do that again. We're going to do that again. We're going to do that again. We're going to do that again. We're going to do that again. We're going to do that again. We're going to do that again. We're going to do that again. my dude would say, "Nikan, you are all, I took out some..." It's fantastic, there's a lot of people that have been thinking about this Oh shit, I should have been doing that but they just have to make everything simple something simple So call, and the mobile, first step, the sample, the sample, the sample, sequence them. I don't know, I believe more. Then the number two. >> No one else on the radio. On the radio, radio, singing on the radio. Radio, I thought there was no snow, so snow, so I'm not ready yet And then there was no snow, so snow, snow, snow, oh, oh, oh, I'm not ready yet (sniffing)MusicMusicinaudibleMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to set the picture as I have the color of color you can be eye'm never going wrong. Do you see it? Oh, we want to invade your body completely or not or something, so it's fine. Yeah, but it's mine already. You can just take it with a few more copy parts for it. Let's see, is this... Used to be out there and then I saw food, I was not so much like boys. No, I don't want this to be fun for fun.LAUGH But he's just gay, I mean, I had.LAUGH I thought I got into drill again, probably, and I'm not going to ask you that, I'm just going to do that. So I'm really going to ask you to excuse me for so many. Because I didn't do anything wrong. Background noise Background noise Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence I'm going to use a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know what to say, I don't know what it means, what it means is that you know what it means. I don't know what it means, I don't know what it means. Yeah, that's good. Because you say what you're going to say, so it's obvious that you're going to say what you're saying, you're not doing it. Yeah, yeah. No point. Yeah, yeah, and you say that now because you think it's my girl, you're not doing it. That is because you're all welcome, but don't. (humming) I am not that old, if I were old, I would not be able to doubt my confidence, only it was completely not confidence. That ain't the cause of this. So I know that it just got worse. Excellent. That's what I'm doing. I hope you are bored with that, we're going to make some hole. Lawson, all of them may be. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) And let me close this, and far this, far this, far this, far this, far this, far this, far this. You're the last time you have. Thanks for watching.silencesilence I have more goods available, but I have to finish it in a little bit. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in the next video. Thank you for watching. you Thank you.silenceinaudible I don't want to help you begin to make your car a little naked. I don't want to die just right in the loop. Why? Why are you not liking that? Now I have finished here for the title. >> You did that? Why would I need to also have a question and more clarity, you know, questions. for the value, or I can value the value of the boss. It's kind of dangerous, you can see it. I'm just here. You put the values. So, I didn't get all my fees. Yeah, that makes me so good. I have to be a bit discreet even if they do not have any help. I mean I was 0% of the news if I was discreet. Not for me hiding that I was wrong. I'm going to use this bit because it's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. It's a bit. I don't know why I don't match with you, man. I think he wants to, but you don't want him to. But I certainly wish I could. miss so long. oh yes but that's the British new Facebook name. First of all, the first of you, the new fiscal year, the first of you. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. but you don't mind to do this to your own headquire, and then on the other side, I wish when I first came. There was a lot of rest of January. Well, I was just alert in the end of the 25th. with that in the middle sense. What's the message of our expressments? >> It's like this thing you wrote it. >> Yeah, I did. >> Yes.LAUGH (laughing) - Not at all right today, so... Yes. (laughing) Yeah, I can move the cable to one of the four. All right, first of all, the life has to be a good life, I've got some stuff for you to do.INAUDIBLE I'm going to make a small kilometer, I'll do it a minute, now I'll shift, I'm going to just swap for me this afternoon. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll need attention. I need something else. Else. You You You Why? The whole bush started to come up with a unique show before. We can do what I said you should do But there's never any action on me. It's like oh, that's something the next for a rule to make it difficult You You You Yousilencesilence (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audiono audio Now I'll probably do a certain thing to contact now because I can never do a sexual rape thing, and I don't want that. You do the painting thing, and then I'll probably fall over in the street because I've been What do you want to release that record? I don't remember exactly. Oh, shit, shit, no, okay. Whatever, just... I just wish someone would reach us. We could already waste them on 50,000 something. (sighs) I'm gonna whack this in the mouth. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below, so I'm going to use a bit of cello below Let's listen.silencesilencesilenceinaudiblesniffingsniffingsniffinginaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detected What are you going to do now? I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedsilencesilence (clears throat) (lighthearted music) (lighthearted music) (lighthearted music) (lighthearted music) (lighthearted music)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiosilencesilenceno audiono audiono audiono audiosilence (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)SOUNDsilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (dog barking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll take sure to sit close to that. Thank you very much. . Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to let my voice show the same, a bit too much, but we also have this, a bit (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sighs) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Hello, my friend. I am very happy to be here today. I am very happy to be here today. I am very happy to be here today. I am very happy to be here today. I am very happy to be here today. I am very happy to be here today. I am very happy to be here today. I am very happy to be here today. I am very happy to be here today. I am very happy to be here today. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to do a little bit more of that. Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence I think I got down. I think I got down. Silence There is a half-tall-dining host, makes it a little bit easier to do. and then we'll see you in the next video. Don't get bored. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you. (laughs) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Silence >> You got a whistle? Silence >> That's all. andno audio This is Sigridoro, man. Sigridoro, man. Thank you very much for your time. I'll see you in a minute. The goal is to get a better view of the game, and to get a better view of the game, and to get a better view of the game. We'll just tell him that. I'll do the final. Thank you very much. I'm going to do another one here. I'm going to do another one here. I'll see you later, good luck.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'll see you all next time. I can't hear you now, I'm going to... So, could you know if you're not to the mutt you need to? Would you like to go to your own? I don't know if there's anything I don't know. So I'm moving, come on, I'm not going to show you this work. So I'm going to show you this work. So I'm going to show you this work. (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) I'll need to write a lot of stuff in here so I can get a little bit of it. You are a slammer.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay, just.silencesilenceno speech detected >> Sure. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence This is from the only model that I know with our tips. This is from the only model that I know with our tips. This is from the only model that I know with our tips.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Until next time, guys. Black Monday.silencesilencesilencesilence (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) >> I wish you all did, Dave. Where is it? There we go. In the middle of the months. We should go on. Let's see, here's a guy.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence And this is not live, I can't this. Why do you tell them I'm scared of you? I'm scared of you. Why do you tell them I'm scared of you? Silence Silence Are there any directives? There's a loss, but I don't know why there was so much loss on the line so I didn't need So, this is nothing anymore. So, this is nothing anymore. So, this is nothing anymore. I will say yes, all of you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Maybe a little bit. (singing in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detected So I'm going to add a stand on the other one. Let's see. Of course. So... I'm going to show it. I'm going to leave it like you'll kind of notice the nature. Still, nature will never, see. This was more to learn from the next thing.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detected Silence Silence Yes, sir, that's my love. I don't know what I'm saying, but I'm not saying anything. I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything I'm not saying anything, but I'm not saying anything. (laughs) I'm gonna do the other side of this. (laughs) I'm gonna do the other side of this. (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps)no speech detected Ah. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, volume. So, volume. So, volume. to the . . I'm sorry, it didn't like me. I'm sorry, it didn't like me. I'm sorry, it didn't like me. I'm sorry, it didn't like me. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audio Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Silence >> What?silenceknocking on doorsilence You never showed no one. You never showed no one. Silence Silence I'm going to put it on. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So, we're going to use it to win the ball and put it in the new title to use it to win. Thank you for watching. Silence (speaking in foreign language) That's also a close-by-talk.CoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughinginaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Writing on Board Writing on Board (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Background Sounds I'm going to put it in the first place, it's nice, oh my cuter, I'm going to put it in the first place, what's in the first floor? You can see it also on the side here. You can see it also on the side here. You can see it also on the side here. Silence Silence Silence Silence Oh, no. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silence