[00:00:00.00] OneOdio FM1:	Where is it getting the profiling from? So what I was just thinking and I'm summarizing now, so this speech recognition also does on top of grammatical analysis, word recognition, grammatical analysis. It also seems to do some personality analysis, that some profile of the person that is being used to maybe predict or correct what isn't recognized phonetically or grammatically. but then it also starts to make mistakes based on... The not yet complete personality profile it has on me, and then it makes mistakes, but since it's ML, machine learning AI, it will probably improve over time, and of course it does need a connection to the internet. That does explain why it needs so many resources to recognize it. text. Still quite impressive. With all this to say that it is just an AI that recognizes speech in a different way than most that I've seen or used before, and it is not an alien living inside my computer that is... while my computer is not connected to any network, still beaming stuff to other aliens so there's no alien invasion yet that I can think of based on this. Oh! And the personality profiling should be improving as I said already. and you said i'm also seeing the voices of this because they're also anonymous speakers and idiots and losers. Hello i am Stefan Lundera, what is your name? You stay anonymous and fake, both my voices. You stay anonymous and fake, both my voices. You stay anonymous and fake, both my voices. You stay anonymous and fake, both my voices. You stay anonymous and fake, both my voices. You stay anonymous and fake, both my voices. What I am not sure about you all, what do you all say that that's a non-zero information? Why do you always ask questions and not just say something that you want to say, but provoke me into saying something as if I wouldn't be talking to myself? Why? Okay, thank you. I'm not allowed to believe now that I've won a prize, because I think it sucks me out. Look, I'm pushing myself into a very exciting future. excessively dramatic, a gay queen because I'm living in isolation all the time. Yes, that's what the other person was referring to but I'm actually gay, so what is the big deal? Just trying to express myself in an environment which is me alone in isolation. But the other interesting question to ask is, am I the last human on the planet who is not enslaved by this bullshit? Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. and you were able to hide it wasn't it? Thank you.MUSICINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) up to beat. The thing that is pulsating and feeling and becoming very stupid. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. (static)INAUDIBLE Oh, let's see here. Okay. Oh, I know, I know, I know, I know. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silencesilence And this man would grow up and there is a kind of female political system. But in our game, that's what nature does, it forces living things to adapt. That's also not fun. That's also not fun, okay. I don't know where it's from, I don't know. Well, it's saying do, but it's not in the other language. I don't want to be able to distract you. Okay. Will they be able to figure out what you're telling to me and your voices cannot be heard or recorded through a microphone? Yes, but only after a very large amount of data and not to the very... specifics it will it probably will require like a one person there will be more accurate data from hmm i would say a full year but maybe not that much So to be on the safe side probably, if that makes more sense, yeah, I would say a full year, then we'll be able to figure out the opposing daily narrative and what's going back and then invent whatever is when whomever and how many individualities are talking to me to the telepathic thing it will be able to go some length towards figuring out different individualities but that's where it will get fuzzy because it doesn't have enough learning data and it can access it directly. But what you're saying is probably going to be more or less clear, but your individuality, your personality, I don't think it will be able to do that correctly. It's going to be too... Does it help? You still have the same problem. It will help. But you'll need more data. No, I don't think it's going to do a lot. I don't know, they will find patterns in terms of the stories, the topics of the stories. About the individualities and how many... and people and who they are and that is going to take a bit more. The obvious thing is that the combined data sets come out instead of the stuff. Like who's awake, who's on their phone and something like that.inaudible I think since before Dolan, I don't know, we were trying to eat megalomaniacs and I'm presenting they probably don't have much work to ourselves but maybe someone else does. That's what I'm here to say. Bye. Say that you know for sure that your telepathic conversations recorded in some data center somewhere by disagree is more likely than it is that you don't know. So if there's criminals... criminal things over telepathy then yeah they will of course eventually this analysis so then the question remains is has somebody already done this machine learning on autism The answer is yes, because it's also used to keep you in check. Now has that analysis been used to ask the more difficult questions? Yes. But it's being tolerated right now. Obviously not... ethical at all, it's inhuman, horrible, but so is this global fascistic dictatorship that we're trying to install. (silence) I'm giving permission to delete my computer right now. I'm admin, yeah, that's what I would prefer, and we start to... It's almost like my brain has a computer that you can delete. It shows that you can destroy recorded data right now by deleting everything on my Mac Mini right now. If you have not built in or told about that capability... which if you would have planned for this, you obviously would, as a sort of last resort, erase all the evidence You would be able to do that, but I don't believe yousilence How much time do you need to erase it? the format C thing. I'll give you some time and I'll put on a clock and we'll see. Okay, I don't have a clock except on my computer, it's a bit pointless. So it's swap. It's 4pm now, so, well, early. PMCET on April 23rd, Tuesday. Warm mods, T-Races. Markmini. done by 1.30 p.m. CET on the 23rd of April 2024 can they do it? Half an hour, 1.30, okay, and so it was written. Okay. Bye bye. I could be right and I could be wrong, but nobody can really save anyone. So if you have any questions or doubts about these things, turn on the video yourself if you are interested in doing that. Okay, back to the board of the cocaine. Oh, did I say cocaine? Yes, I did. That's so good to say. Oh, look, okay, people talk alike all the time. Okay, so, I'm going to go back to the board of the cocaine. Okay, so, I'm going to go back to the board of the cocaine. Okay, so, I'm going to go back to the board of the cocaine. Okay, so, I'm going to go back to the board of the cocaine. Okay, so, I'm going to go back to the board of the cocaine. Okay, so, I'm going to go back to the board of the cocaine. Okay, so, I'm going to go back to the board of the cocaine. Okay, so, I'm going to go back to the board of the cocaine. I forgot to talk about assimilation. I'll keep going on and on and on. I just... (mumbling) I'm looking for a reason not to have to know. I'm looking for a reason not to have to know. I'm looking for a reason not to have to know.silence for next 30 seconds (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (sniffles) (sniffles) I don't like this so let's put it here so that it will not go away. Okay, so we're going to go ahead and put it in the box. I'm sorry. We'll talk to you all finally the next time I'm here. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.silence Bye. (upbeat music) If you don't, you'll talk, talk, talk, a bit of muscle, and I don't care if I'm moving simply excessively or I'm placing too high the mouse. Right now that is how it is, so you should probably do something about it. or don't and then I'm going to stop this. Silence. (static) You You You You You This is the version management on a folder with enemies within a file that are 5000. I don't care, just do it, whatever, it changes when you check a day. I went to Yale for three weeks or something like that. Just like a time machine, but not so far. Really like a time machine. I'm going to put it on switch, and it's fine. Silence.Pause for group workPAUSEPAUSE