[00:00:00.17] OneOdio FM1:	You're going to win! Hello, Bonjour! Who you are? Good attack! The magic personal Listen, not touch Still Brussels, Brussels So, who you are?silence Excellent, need the open TV on the left, tap the one.MusicMusic Oh my god. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I don't need to say no to the LGL or anything like that, but I'm going to cut it right now. Hello.sniffsniffsniff (keyboard clicking)MusicMUSIC Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silenceinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I don't know why he's in there and I hope it probably does, so it's not that I was scared so I can ask you to promote your F-A-70. and then I will write a piece of code that's the volume in the met direct or couldn't direct very easily for example I will still use key annoying mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmmno speech detected Oh, you're wrong. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I don't know if you know I'm not very good at becoming a woman for a lot of things. I'm not a woman for a lot of things. Thank you. Okay, that's it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Okay. Thank you very much. I'll do it all the way up and down to the anchor.clicks That's it. I'm so glad I'm here.MusicMusic I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen.MUSIC Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohMUSIC in the next case. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence It's possible for me to pause because you don't want to happen in your bound, and you can remember any issues of the life, blah, blah, blah, blah, and I'm not possible to make it possible for me to not pause. (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence just to know a little bit about it. Now once I'm ready to kill myself, I'll take a long time to take the test, not absolutely. Too far, too far, no matter which one she used, or keep using, or keep not using her. No, but well. It's over, please.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence SilenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSno speech detected I'm going to do a little bit more. I don't know if I can show you my strategy. I don't know if I can show you my strategy. I don't know if I can show you my strategy. I'll do a little bit of C4, that's it. 50,000 euros, that's it. That's a little bit easier. So, second one, and two, that's a little bit better. That's a little bit easier. (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic And then I said he would let me know when I come, when I come. Come on, stuttle. Dirty babe, yourself very much full of nakedness. Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I'm not talking class well. Oh, that's a weird bit, but what bit was that? So you're not keeping me down? I don't know, is there any part to support for some sort of music? I'll get some, I'll get some. I'll get some stuff, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll get some, I'll I don't know, is there any part to support for some sort of music? If you have a pleasure in making this video, if you like it, please let me know in the comments below. I hope you like this video. I hope you like this video. I hope you like this video. I hope you like this video. I hope you like this video. I hope you like this video. I don't know if you can see it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if I can do it. So, clear the tool, the signals. So, clear the tool, clear the tool, clear the tool, clear the tool, clear the tool, clear the tool. So, clear the tool. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to put this on the top of my head and put it on the top of my head, and then I put the first one. I don't know what I'm going to do, but I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do I don't know what I'm going to do, but I'm going to do it again. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I'm not supposed to let that go anymore. What's all about now?CLICKINGCLICKING (claps)silence Oh, I can do the magic. I don't know if it's a good shot. I'm going to be so feeling it when I'm skiing around in the morning. Close the door. I'm going to be the longest. Good morning. Sure.SCOFFS What? I'm going to add a tool to my software and then I'm going to start putting it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. I'm going to put it in my window. Why? It's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing. It's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing, it's a It's a bad thing, it's a bad thing.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePiano musicPiano musicPiano music Okay, let's do this.Piano music (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background SoundsMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm never going to react to the 5th song. I leave it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving it cold, I'm leaving itinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Wow, it's now made this way, this look up. to the end of the recording. So, hand clock and all the touch. Well, well.silence I'm not going to be mess with you.inaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicsilence Let's go ahead and get it, and then you follow the same line to the new mark.INAUDIBLE Pause Pausesilencesilence Silence and Come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Let's go. Pause Pause Silence Silence Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm going to start with this one. I'm going to start with this one. I'm going to start with this one. I'm going to start with this one. I'm going to start with this one. I'm going to start with this one. I'm going to start with this one. I'm going to start with this one. I'm going to start with this one. I'm going to start with this one. I'm going to start with this one. You know that this will not get you anywhere, so I'll probably make you a new part, do not know how to do it, you will need to step up, boom, you will get a cat, you set it up. area of a plus boom . . . I think it's the family, so I don't know if it's the same thing as the other one. Come on.silenceclicking sound (burps) (burps) (burps) (burps) (burps) (burps) (burps) (burps) (burps) (burps) (burps)no audio and . (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence I'm going to have to go to the next one. I'm going to have to go to the next one. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds I'm not doing the board. It's caring closely. Don't you say it's so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so I'm not doing the board.silencesilence I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll seesilenceinaudiblesilenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSsilencesilence other conditions can be driven turn-offs. Take the old gold, it's not quite where you are. You don't know what they were and they don't know what they've seen. - Oh, yeah. I'm not going to break this way. Break the bread. The share is only being responsible. I'm not going to break this short share. I don't know if you can, I don't know if you're going to get back at it. Let's see if you need to help using it only. I think someone might use it. I'm going to go to the forest and see if I can do it this way, I can show you how to do it too. Oh yeah, I'm going to go to the forest and see if I can do it this way. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Okay, if I'm not scared of the other one. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you. What about the victim out here? I don't know. I don't know what the victim is. I don't know what the victim is. I don't know what the victim is. I don't know what the victim is. I don't know what the victim is. I don't know what the victim is. I don't know what the victim is.no audiono audiosilence Oh, the same on the other side. Silence Silence One of the things that I want to get out of me is the same. that is in the node with roots, then it's yours to come from the top, from the top. It's interesting, it's a thing in the node here. Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Yeah, it's good, yeah, it's good, you know, there you are, I hope you, never again.MusicMusic Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) So, you might have a nodule just that. I am, I am. I don't know if I speak to all of us.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silencesilence Time to snow. Yes, I know. I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm not doing that kind of, I'm notINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGSIDE CONVERSATIONSIDE CONVERSATION Silence Silence I'm going to choose something. I'm going to choose something. I'm going to choose something. I'm going to choose something. I'm going to choose something. I'm going to choose something. (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking sound) One of the ones.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to see what color you need. I'm going to see what color you need. I'm going to see what color you need. I'm going to see what color you need. I'm going to see what color you need.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence people from, not just people from all over the world, we are going to resist, name the content of the game itself.silencesilencesilence (knocking on door) One, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clearing throat) (clearing throat) (clearing throat) (clearing throat) (clearing throat) (clearing throat) (clearing throat) (clearing throat)PausePausePause (sniffing)no audiono audio I'll see you later. Silence Silencesilence So it's a set of help now, let's do it. It is because the battle, the key health, health, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I Now we found our house, so maybe need to be home physically, so many people is interested. Oh, there she is. One, two, three. >>INAUDIBLE >> You could make it, I can take the final sheet. >>INAUDIBLE It just went on and it's okay.inaudibleinaudible I'm going to have to fill the fill state here a little bit. Thank you for watching. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) - There we go. (groaning) - All right, I'm gonna pick up the phone. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audiono audio I can only avoid no cracker language, but I can understand it. Netherlands, Dutch, Netherlands, England. Falset, French, and Swedish. English, England. English.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence (in foreign language) (in foreign language) (in foreign language) (in foreign language) (in foreign language) (in foreign language) Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusic