[00:01:16.11] USB Live Camera audio:	Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thanks. Thanks for watching. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)BELL RINGS (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, I'm gonna need to show you.silencespeaking in foreign language Select here the overlay, not on and here. Select here the overlay. Select here the overlay. Select here the overlay. Select here the overlay. Select here the overlay. Select here the overlay. Silence Silence What's this, what's... Change, change, change... Change, change, change, change... Change, change, change, change... Change, change, change, change... Change, change, change, change... Thank you.COUGHINGCOUGHING I'm going to go ahead and flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over. I'm going to flip over.COUGH Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. So what do you do when you're down from here and then come to the pitch of "X"? I don't know if I can get it right or not, but it's a good idea to get it right. The problem is tough. I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question, but I'm not sure if I need to answer this question I don't know, I'm not going to be able to do that. I don't know if I can do that.silencesilencesilencesilence It's a pretty nice thing to be able to do with this kind of thing. So, this is really to the semester, so I'll turn it this evening into a good time (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceNOISE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLECOUGHINGno audiono audiono audio Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audiono audio Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Okay. Okay. Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence