[00:00:00.00] OneOdio FM1:	But I'm also hard to understand, so when I'm just talking to myself and I don't see someone else who's understanding what I'm saying because you're old. talking to me through my head and I don't know if I'm stressing myself well, no, but I do know that I'm stressing myself.SighsSighs Oh, I strongly recommend it, yes. How do you know how you come across if you don't even hear the sound when you see this? Yeah, I guess it's open, it's difficult to open it up in the open office space, but not possible. Now in here, it's all this same thing as the answer, that they use these white noise So you could talk on the film of course next to the trailer. The light noise safe. The movie is actually, I love it about this. There are more people that I love. or at least not sensitive to certain frequencies. to use. Do, and solve it. Nice, very good. Okay. We're done with this.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Did we have the same music either low? It's quite a complicated installation, just like that. It's quite a whole recipe for low-water output. I was wondering what I would have said in this. Yeah, I don't think we'll see you next time. That's a fully solid value couple of times, that's the last one there. My wide wide make the linear ones. Because he was always there. I'm just going to have to go back to my room, and today's was a default while I think, but at least you also have to say that's the person I couldn't remember. Yes. Okay, say this. So. That's the thing, if you percent my memory with all I just remember them, when I didn't remember them two days ago, how can I remember them? And if you know by ten. I'm going to show you what you did, why don't you just say it down, even I have to trouble it going. Thank you, you want to see it? It's fine. I'm going to show you what you did. Why don't you just say it down, even I have trouble with it going. Thank you, you want to see it down? It's fine. I'm going to show you what you did. Why don't you just say it down? Even I have trouble with it going. Thank you, you want to see it down? It's fine. Why do you think this? So you think I was pretty much to believe this whole reality, and expect me to see the path of my life when you were praised by something that I was very much into. So what, why do you think this, what, what, what indications or what, what do you have to believe this, this possible? It's something I'm going to name over here, now you're in a long day, my name is three, three years old.no speech detectedno speech detected But you have to know that it's possible that if you're doing this, it's what's happening to me, so you know, it's possible. You're not sure if it was happening to me. So why do you think it's possible? I mean, if you've done this to all the people, if you haven't, I can't do it to you. Erase and... or recreate say 10 years of memory in somebody's life. I'd better like those more repellent. It's really a slightly chasing ghost. I'd better like those more repellent. I'd better like those more repellent. I'm going to switch to the right button. It's a bit weird to be brainless and to no extent, you're not supposed to know. So... It's that different from that first time I'm over being brainwashed. There's more like a trigger that I'm not assaulting if you say the word of another and you think about potato or something. Otherwise you never knew that potato existed. Well, okay, then I'll just say something. Pause >> Same man, I'm dangerous here. Inaudible So I now wish that somebody had an additional alternate solution to this, but at the time I ask somebody had an alternate solution to the previous problem today. All these other things that still have me out, and I'm money out of them, and I'm going to just look at killing boys. We'll hear anybody say anything. So I'm just going to wash my nails still. I'm going to have to wash my nails still. Think about all the same reasons.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic So you have all the things that are being blocked because of him directly and indirectly. You know, it was apparently not only 5,000 plus or everybody could see something that was being adopted in one way or another. By boys for you. There is only one group of reasons, the other reason is simply because he's... effective too much destruction and it's just not worth it from anyone's perspective whether you had ATG, whether you're corrupt or if you're an ATG person or they're just in a symbiastor or somebody can marry Karyo and they're the best, she's not worth it. (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighs I just broke off. I just went to the other of my tiles. I left it green and it didn't even make sense. I just broke off. I just broke off. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) Only find any processes in your books. Thank you very much. I'm not going to allow my thoughts, still let those away from consistent issues. That's the difference. So, if you are in a filter means, what are you trying to call it, what are you doing? I don't believe you can't see. I mean, times that you're trying to speak, but no, we said long time ago, but we were supposed to, although we tried exactly. But again, why is boys interfering in this? Come on down to the same service, let's see if anything. Let me see if that's all I can use. Let's take a look.PausePause (laughs) Sorry, it's right. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence Actually you can kill private friends in the videos. Measier you can. I don't want any questions coming out now to buy that B block, but I'll send a target in visual as a human on the shelf to kill someone by them. This is you can get on the shelves. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.INAUDIBLE >> And that's all it says yes. Well, we should have known that he's a man he's a real killed him. Somebody you cannot trust, because he never trusts anybody in the holy blaze himself. Well, remember there is a difficult situation and you choose whatever 16 does. Say no, never sacrifice me, sacrificing your own life, remember this issue. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorrysilencesilence But it's still a lot of the reason why I bought so much money, because now I'm going to be able to see it in the next few days, and I'm going to spend my money. I'll be silent, I can use a bomb. I don't need a voice, it's too early. You don't want me to be able to use your voice. devices via them. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Oh. Silence Silence Maybe because I will be in danger too, so... I will be in danger too, so... I will be in danger too, so... I will be in danger too, so... I will be in danger too, so... I will be in danger too, so... I will be in danger too, so... I will be in danger too, so... I will be in danger too, so... Silence Silence (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) So you tell me to do different voices or even more, that it's you do not understand I cannot see or... other than brainwash. I'll see you said before that if you were brainwash you would know your brainwash. You wouldn't have twice exceeded the brainwash. So So, I'm sorry, I'm not here anymore. I'm not happy about something like you should be happy about it. It's a relief. I don't use that, it's more goodness than you are. Just in public, and then a little pressure, then I have a take turns, and everybody goes, "You know what, shush."PausePausePause Pause Pause When I say it says wrong, no other in that same thing, you know it? Yes, you're wrong, this is... In the mixing of issues, because I think that... Oh, this is wrong, if you don't care about anything, you don't feel kind of good feel builds like so. You know, it makes you manipulative, and that's very genuine, no real authentic. That's also something you feel, people are looking for confirmation about what they feel. If you don't provide it because you want to read the video, then we'll see stars if you're delicious. Thank you very much for watching. Thank you very much for watching. and you see that you have to tell the doctor. That's specific, but I'm not sure. If you're wondering and twisting and turning the solar to something it's not feeling comfortable in. So you feel... It's the worst. You don't feel okay. even if you think you're feeling good. You can throw him up and just install somewhere, somewhere, some kind of, you know, to just also connect things to, well this maybe not to do, well this actually really needs it. That's so cool. Sorry, repeal. I'm sorry. Why do you need something else that's not as good as me and I see?silencesilence Get the chase in the letters. Pause Pause You can go to the Christian faiths where if you go to confession, then that absolves you of what you were said. But I'm not saying it's not good to confess what you did wrong. You could be pretty certain. Don't know if it's a threat to maybe the person you wrote. I'm saying so. We should try to make it bad. Instead of just being a job. to a priest, then I hold his sacrament of confession, and therefore you go to go to me so, forgiveness, take it only something you can really grant yourself, once you know it, it's all you can do to make it right. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, you can stop by doing that thing the next day, you can start by doing things the next day. If you know the bar then you feel guilty about it. I'm really bad, I don't know why I got to kill them in soldier and I don't want to, it's bad thing to kill them, it was necessary. If you do that every day, and there's no reason, you can see it's necessary, that's just easy.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Why does nobody start it because someone didn't say anything? I don't know, it's like there's somebody flags it then. any speaker that's one.Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilence SilenceINAUDIBLE What does it do to a fake is that sometimes we all play games and voice on the lot, you know, look for talent to fake. That's an uppercost, a spelletist, who just can't even play the pop with his spirit.silencesilencesilenceno speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll sell the film, see you soon.FOREIGNINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Okay, that's it. >> What? >> Probably be saying that from the 7th of November. up. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Background SoundsINAUDIBLE (sniffing) I'm going to turn on the animation here then. I'm going to turn on the animation here. I'm going to turn on the animation here. I'm going to turn on the animation here. I'm going to turn on the animation here. I'm going to turn on the animation here. I'm going to turn on the animation here. I'm going to turn on the animation here. I'm going to turn on the animation here. I'm going to turn on the animation here. I'm going to turn on the animation here. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePauseinaudible Background noise >> Yes, sir. Background noise Well, let me help you cut the meat, and here I cut the meat. You must get your work done for safety. I'll cut it all in a second, and so, I mean, we have so much to do now.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you for your time, and I hope you enjoyed this video. I'm going to put the glasses on and show them to you guys. I'm going to put the glasses on and show them to you guys. I'm going to put the glasses on and show them to you guys. I'm going to put the glasses on and show them to you guys. I'm going to put the glasses on and show them to you guys. I'm going to put the glasses on and show them to you guys. I'm going to put the glasses on and show them to you guys. I'm going to put the glasses on and show them to you guys. I'm going to put the glasses on and show them to you guys. I'm not trying to shake it, I'm gonna come on in. I'm not trying to shake it, I'm gonna come on in. I'm not trying to shake it, I'm gonna come on in. I'm gonna leave it in the middle of the end.Music I'm going to hold it. It's not simple. It's just a little bit dull. It's a little bit dull. It's a little bit dull. It's just a little bit dull. It's just a little bit dull. It's just a little bit dull. It's just a little bit dull. It's just a little bit dull. It's just a little bit dull. It's just a little bit dull. Silence I don't want to talk to you in the next session. But I think we don't seem to excel to begin with. I call this to make sail for a little initiative. I thought it would feel like we'll talk to the lot more for the evening. I don't know, we took probably no next week, so I'm now cleared to go down and carry on. I don't know if there's anything I can do for the diving and then I'm going to leave some for the wave. So I see animals, and I got to probably move some of these, so I'm going to move some of these. Silenceinaudible Hello, D&D. Hello, D&D and D&D.inaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) I'm not a team director. I'm done. I'm back to see you later, I'll slow-slow-slow slow-slow. What was that video?silencesilence That was my object on all of my notes, and the song on this is...silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oh, there's another pin. There's our time for the rates. Let me open my namusia. I'm just going to go with the filter with the overfilling thick fillet on me and I'm going to do it in the clocks. What process? What, you're not going to take it off? Well, I'll do it. I don't know if you can see it, but I want to show you all the things that I'm doing. I'm going to open my eye here, I'm going to open my eye here, I'm going to open my eye here. I'm going to open my eye here.Music (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) >> Yeah, we are on dingin' out there. It's like a dash of wood and bottom sheet. The menu is so the item called the market product. So, I'm already connected and you've got the shimata, so I'll record it. You You You Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC I am the first to have a new one, not many, we are a bit interested, but we are a system, so we are going to be able to think a little bit more about it. It's pretty much the same, but there's a call. There's a CPC. (sniffing) If you don't kiss herMusicMusic We're going to be doing one of our own things. I'm not a cipus, I'm one of them for a lady to do. I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of fun, I've had a lot of I'm not a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I'm a cipus, I I'm going to call him in the days. I'm going to be able to do this for the first time in a while. I'm going to be able to do this for the first time in a while. I'm going to be able to do this for the first time in a while. I'm going to be able to do this for the first time in a while. I'm going to be able to do this for the first time in a while. I'm going to be able to do this for the first time in a while. I'm going to be able to do this for the first time in a while. I'm going to be able to do this for the first time in a while. I'm going to be able to do this for the first time in a while.MUSIC I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm You don't really have done the same egg person you'd want. I was very, very close to so. I was a little bit messy, I was a little bit weird when I came to fix it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.clickPausePausePause I don't know what you're talking about, I'm not talking about anything else, I'm not talking about anything else. I don't know what you're talking about, I'm not talking about anything else, I'm not talking about anything else. I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about. You can see that I have not been able to pay attention to this. That's a need also, seven on the other, certainly do it. I don't think you need to think about what we love about it. I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not sure if I'll have to do that, I'm not And that's where all my men see the next time I see this, I'll see you at the next morning. Back to my next time I'm on the road, I can get a signal to move this once. Well, you take my next time with me. But then, knock off this once. You know what the hell never knew the signal, not the problem of the signal, you know. You know what the hell never knew the signal, not the problem of the signal, not the problem of the signal. You know what the hell never knew the signal, not the problem of the signal, not the problem of the signal.silence Silence I'm not sure if I'm going to earn it or not, but it's like you're keeping the blocking about this because you're actually trying to do something else. Maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there, maybe I am there That's all the smolting. That's all the smolting. (Clears throat) That's all the smolting.CoughingCoughingCoughing I'm not allowed to know.Music Need a more time. (knocking on door) Mm-hmm. (sniffing) (knocking on door) Now you need to start a public debate, and I will try to resolve all of the problems. Because it's not so pressure to make things right? And then we need to have these ones and big things so people see some of the other ones, and start with the last of our questions.SighsSighsSighsSighs and looks like we want to have public debates. We need to have some sort of place for when I come up and I'm in a polarized world where everything is. I kept away through an information war. It becomes difficult to have that public debate. So I not try to stop this. Information work and to stop the polarization that I have strongly suspected, IgES responsible for. Can I hear your clear voice? I need first to ask for another one, I need first to speak with a clear voice please. Ok, the door will be in the middle of the room please. Ok, the door will be in the middle of the room please. Ok, the door will be in the middle of the room please. Silence So you try, you certainly, if I need to understand that you are trying to understand what is going wrong, what is going wrong, what is going on by doing wrong things, and as far as I'm concerned, you've been doing this for a year. I think that's only the worst, but again, I look at it to be said before, don't you focus on having a passport? or information or show there's a public place where you can have a debate about all the things about the road.silence Silence Silence Why do you find that there's not being what polarization is? (clicking) You know, qualified to give you a reason why, well, this ball, essentially, a ball-rallation of course, and then just disclose the words. We'll see what we can do with the other bars. You know it's right to beat them up their own game. Now I have to believe or assume that there's no mistake this here, but I really don't feel it. So why are you not making or allowing me to feel it? Why am I not supposed to feel instead of you making believe me? That's another one of those role-playing games that you'd like to play. I'm not supposed to feel instead of you making believe me. That's another one of those role-playing games that you'd like to play. Why are you the only voice or if not having the voices going through, you must be centred in the relative center, more than a little bit of pain, and again trying to inject directly into my frontal cordless awareness thing, therefore making it more difficult to understand. pre-tank to distinguish my own thoughts from whatever else has been thrown in. I'm trying to deceive still. I'm trying to deceive. I'm trying to deceive.Silence Sure, it's going to stand on.Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah There's an easy, easy, easy, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, (keyboard clicking) (sniffing)Music this familiar, the way a few of this presents. Not talking with his own voice now. So he knows he has to be killed, but he doesn't really want to flee for his own survival by staying in space. So, why is it normal? I don't know. I don't know. So, why is it normal? So, why is it normal? So, why is it normal? So, why is it normal? So, why is it normal? So, why is it normal? (sniffing) Oh, I'm sorry, I had a big tumour as all of this, these old stuff. I didn't want to see it at all.BANGINGMusic When you start talking to two bosses of one another immediately and you see, I don't want to... Come to an instant and shoot your eyes at me I ask, would you become flying your voice over? It's just fake flying to the surface. You say exactly what do you want? do you understand or the north to understand that the jazz work and it's not a good idea. I think that's in work, and that won't lead. That's a good idea. Not good idea. Do you say something that's really... Do you know how to say something? Indeed. (coughing) two voices over one another for me and me and I'm still a way of saying to the moon (sniff) The cells are all over the place. The cells are all over the place. The cells are all over the place. The cells are all over the place. You know what I'm supposed to say? My little brother said, because I don't know what to read, you know. He just tried to listen to what you said. Well, nothing comes out of the sort of feeling of direction. If you're going out at the same time, you're going to think about what you might be thinking, and sometime that might be correct. sometimes you might not do that and then I saw you get the power supply and that's the most echo because you're all the time in the mind. Like I said, you're close to the world, please just try to apply to anger, frustration, and then you jump on anything that I think you might be thinking in my mind because you're all that really mind. I love to just stop breathing my mind and just sort of back based on expression. Maybe we'll meet this next week. Why is that so important to keep on doing that? There's actually a lot of stuff going on in the first few days. I'm excited, and the only thing in my mind that's often or that quickly based on the film takes a little Background Sounds All these obvious things.inaudibleinaudible (sniffing) You know what you're supposed to do. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Very simple, I can't consider it, so I'll give it a simple, simple, simple, simple. (sigh) (sigh) (sigh) (sigh) (sigh) (sigh) Silence Inaudible Remark Silenceinaudibleinaudible I'm going to work on all some issues here in person, but for all of you, it's for you, best. Okay, I need that, that's the sound for you, best. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudible (keyboard clicking) So that's this right side. Okay, that's it. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence I'm going to do this in the next video, and I'm going to do this in the next video. I'm going to do this in the next video, and I'm going to do this in the next video. I'm going to do this in the next video, and I'm going to do this in the next video. I'm going to do this in the next video, and I'm going to do this in the next video.silencesniffingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay, here we go, one, two, three, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Alright, now you're still not using your vocal chords when you speak, but still this of the list. If I say the quick brown, I'm not going to be able to do it, I'm not going to be able Fox Jones over the lazy dark when I say it again on my inner voice, and some of the else is saying it's again with different peaks. Because I lose you. build it up. That is fine for me, but I don't really want to talk too much about it, but my inner voice just won't need for that. You know, there's expression. Because it interferes with the realm of your own toss and the way that your own toss interacts with senses and if that from here becomes blurred, and then you start to become confused about your own tasks or what they are for when they're calling. So that the line needs to be kept clearly. There's no real reason to talk with an inner voice without your own, of course, to yourself. Might be useful. But then you don't need to be reading what I'm saying, and that's another way to make it possible to do so, and I kind of speak out loud. So if you want me to start finding out annoying, one there's no real reason for something to be useful, and I would still have to find it annoying, and you start making it impossible to use my inner voice without a lot of shit, and then the other thing you might be thinking about is still the thing in my brain that all of the species of species, the bacteria in this field, the petroleum, the species of system, read out loud, whatever, right, think, think, think, So, none of the bells, but I was actually always working before I was able to do that before, but it's probably why I still ain't able to do those. If there will be this piece interesting that I'm solving that later, I'm not gonna think this is all about the interest what you do. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Just to seal the noises, just to see if the thing is still there.inaudibleinaudible Okay, that's what the 90s lifestyle was. (sniffing) Silence Silence Why do I need to regain my inner voice in order to be able to think with the search of language and why would I not be able to prove that I am a good person? to that car challenge, beating up, that's a nice one. Why would that be annoying? Especially in the situation right now, where I won't alone. Which is like almost endless, and that makes me a little more sick, and I'm mumbling up to the shop and making a full of the shop. Well, I'll be there. I'll show you when I share it with you. Thank you for joining me. This is something that makes it from love of you, and making it into more than this. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) It's another reflection of mine right now. But at the same time took pets away from me and again, you're projecting it up to some two which I don't see that in the next suggestion for your own somewhat inflatedinaudibleinaudible Constantly also think that you're trying to see a way from where you are doing this, which is constantly reading my mind, and it's like if in a weird way, you're trying to find a reason why it is justified, which is something. So you don't leave room for dinking in your own, how do you do this how do you leave room for dinking in your own if you're all the time usually reading the same thing. So you don't leave room for dinking in your own if you're all the time usually reading the same thing. Pause I'm going to use speed time at all and that would be funny, you know, it's just 37. I'm going to use speed time at all and that would be funny, you know, it's just 37. Can most of us people be of giants, if we don't have the concept of the same as most of us? What is the most shouting? You can even have the idea of self-sensitize, still advice. You will love me, but I wish you prolonged the rest of my life. Thank you very much, and I keep on pointing to the fact that it is worse than what I need to lash out every time. That happens. and live frustrations about this or get angry. So I have mentioned, I don't know, make a fool. Myself, I suppose, I mean, making them a beard. It's like, for a long time, it's just, again. I guess I don't get angry, too. You see, I know you're dying to click on that. Oh, wow, you're suggesting I didn't see that. You see, I know you're suggesting I didn't see that. You see, I know you're suggesting I didn't see that. You see, I know you're suggesting I didn't see that. Silence Silence So, somebody... Hi, Malone. I don't know if we're sure to stay with him some of us. He's annoying. Kind of a lot of person just saying. What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee? What's your fee Pause Pause Kick it out to the enemy page of them.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence That's all, I'll just send it to you all the time. Well, it turns you into a bit of an idiot once within the IT that I now need to inflate that you are the slater and I am your slater, now I need to inflate that you feel comfortable that idea you get in your stupidity, stupidity, stupidity, stupidity, stupidity, stupidity. You finally just decide that you need to demonstrate your power that you're in control and nobody else. Are you sure it's too late to do? And... Anything else can be done? I don't know. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Using a topic of conversation. So, I'm going to do that with the supercellales. So, like, I'm going to go to the cost of the threshold to... I don't know how to call anything.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence I'll just touch the suggestion I found to tell you all about the quality, I put a line of 6, could have a bit of guess, and then the 4 once helped me 3, and then the 4 once OK, you see? I will get a very short stereo, as it's not normal stereo. It's like a normal stereo. Sorry for that. But then there needs to be a little more. Check it out. Oops.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Pause PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence I can't get that.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) Okay, here we go. Thank you very much.Music Well, so, I have only signed yet quality nails and DVDs. So, the quality is just fine.inaudible Thanks for doing the duels and the profile every day. Bye. Hello. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye, and you'll see the options. Oh. >> That's you, that's it, no, it's the first big club in terms of our club. >> And we have more than two most great guys right here in this industry. I think it's so good to stay all in work, but just daily to go and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest and rest Here, yeah, I'll call it down to 28s, and I cut that to the other one more than the other one. I'm on a stereo, this metal, you know, stereo, I'll image it with the triumphant brush.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'll do it with my cell phone.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible