[00:00:52.50] USB Live Camera audio:	(keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audioMusicMusicMusic (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) So, this is only English, but then it's...no audiono audio I'm going to change my phone and it's going to be a little bit more fun. Thank you very much for watching. You Thank you very much.no audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay, I'm going to put this one on my face.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence from your colleagues, I feel constipation to the atmosphere can be a little fun.no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (clicking) Silence SilenceCOUGH Silence Silence Silence Silence Bye-bye. I'm going to start making a fight in this data box. But now it's time to spend. Here we go. The sixth is my sound. Yeah. Stop this following me to church. Yeah. Wow. See you in the last verses. I'll be back in the next video. Stop this following me to church. Oh, it's going to come soon. May have worked as a cross to the marine law, so it's just a piece of the poor decision. In this last word, it makes me sick as a parent boy, yet. It is the place itself as a departed individual. It's been a victim of stalking, being a professor. We talked about a trip to Houston where you sit far from dry by and fall sick. Every 10 minutes, you should come on the pitch and ask your parents.INAUDIBLE Sorry, my name was so mean.INAUDIBLEMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Turn on the temperature. Turn on the temperature. Turn on the temperature. Turn on the temperature. Turn on the temperature. Turn on the temperature. Turn on the temperature. Turn on the temperature. Turn on the temperature. Turn on the temperature.inaudible and he said today that he is shocked, he heard me in January because they had strong track records of working in total defense on it, and he said, "One point, you put it all to our day and it's all going." And they responded, "He bought it so great, no problem." and will like to know me. I'm just going to make a promise to be in this job with my presentation. I personally think that many things have been made for many times. For some genius, I'm just going to try to make a new job. >> In October, however, my identity and letter of resignation say thank you very much for the opportunity to provide it to my time with the office, as well as the professional guidance and support. It is not given to give a free and supported department in the presentation. >> We're also learning very much in the store and time with the police and the public. So, check out things done.INAUDIBLE Inaudible Silence Silence Lauren majority of it, Adam about The team said people on probably seven of the Richard family, the other two of the children's on the bar was one of the people from the community who was on the team. Very good runner. Did you graduate with him and did you guys have fun from the last season? No, I'm a couple of years old with him. I graduated in.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected It's with the heavy heart that I am in front of you now to make this video, um, kind of my last words. Um, um, it's really unfortunate that I have to make this video. See I am with the heavy heart that I am in front of you now to make this video on my last words. of fortune that I had to make this video. See, I made a victim of covert harassment and an election. So any gang stalking from Tumblr is called an interrogation division. There are thousands of targeted individuals in the United States and America, and we unfortunately are subjected to some pretty heinous treatment, which I'll detail in this video. You can find out more about what I talked about. the individual is simply by Googling or YouTube being towards targeted individual or gang stalking and you'll see videos and posting and articles and stuff like that about what a target individual is and on YouTube you'll actually be able to see that. hear the stories of other targeting individuals and videos and think posted about what their experiences are. They won't be that different from what you hear from me today. I think mine might be a little bit more comprehensive and explain exactly what the target of individual is, what a target of individual experiences on a daily basis. So I'll just go straight to it, talking about gang stalking in general, which is what it's hard to individual experiences. The goal of gang stalking is literally to drive a target individual crazy. It's a very comprehensive program and it's sadly as a government. program. It's roots around program known as MK Ultra and Co-Intel Pro, which should have been eliminated, but unfortunately they're still around. They're not only still around, but they're actually far more comprehensive and more detailed than they were even when So, like I said, the goal is literally to isolate the person, make them destitute and financially unstable to the point where they can be able to make a completely different definition of the shelter in the street, and they employ various tactics to accomplish their goal. on campus for these are truly wide aren't so the experience is why the term gang stalking comes about because they'll have people all the way around whenever we go into public places like if you're driving on the street people in cars and the following around you can So, very down there. are there and they are probably going to be right in the end. If you're going to be in a totally place like fully shopping or anything like that, the volume around stores, and the second thing is this makes it out and I've even had stockers falling into the church while I was in Los Chris's. and it is in a self-resolving and it's a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very Make the track and finish your family, your friends, your neighbors, your fellow washers, the nation achievement and I, whatever reason they do this. Some of them make eight, they pay off to keep the arms used and the attitudes in strange ways. They do this through blackmail, the blackmail, individuals,inaudible talking to the rest of you, and they do this to people who actually are really friends, starting individuals, particularly just regular Joe, after they're in state, ordinary, innocent people, and somehow we ended up on this ongoing, even in this community, having a lot of children and children in a day and day basis. But other ways that they coerced everyday citizenship to disbanding and harassing target individuals because that day, they'll tell them why it's like you're under investigation for some of them. They call the shot. I'll be back in 30 seconds. is offered to involve in this, with not talking, but all the steps and classes, it's saying that the chance for them is for John to talk to me in a second. I was submitted to get the case to come to the most difficult and shocking case of this kind of thing. 20 years, 15 years, I have been practicing for 30 years and I have been doing 10. I have been practicing for 30 years and I have been practicing for 30 years and I have been doing 10. This is one of the most very general. Peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace level, peace This level, this type of character, this group is this type of group. to remaining factors in effect, depending on the future. A lot of them are familiar to appreciate the rest of the costs that some of the participants have participated in the job, and the effect of the crime, excuse me. All right. and circumstances of the office, admitted by the Department of Defense, these factors, some of them, bye. 147, 49, defensive wounds, 35 wounds to the head of the nation. 29 to the back of the shoulder. 6k. The sport has reviewed and seen more than a fair share of the off-class yachts and players. Okay. The 49 defensive wounds indicate that the depends on where you indicate that. She's been bailing once. Conscious. She was aware. She was doing everything she could to defend her. She's the type. She suffered a painful, horrifying death. someone that should trust him, their screens were most likely styled by her out of self-indulgence. We were very into a secluded place in the woods near his home, first in that she trusted. We left her there on the fence for two days. was a tighten level of feminization. Based on the prior statements that he made to his girlfriend at his friend, he indicated that he was going to be killed. At which point he determined that it was going to be true to the barely had done before. If there was going to be indicated, if there was going to be a safe place, then it would have placed the staff down. If there was going to be a safe place, then it would have placed the staff down. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking sound)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudible Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) Silenceno audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilence Thank you very much.silencesilencesilencesniffingsilencesilencePausePausePause And then you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you need a new voice, you These are from your new users. You You You Yousilencesilence There is not this so you cannot fake or force you to say something. You can type or say whatever. Just a client might switch. Or even a non direct message. So if I could ask for more from Fuzish. You will always come to force me to move, say all the way, you will need to sleep. You hide behind fake gold to time anyway, so if you create a fake account, you probably have a couple. It's the same. Two things this could keep on going on for, that it would be consequences for you or for him. But then your lifetime you will never have to fear any punishment or at least. You have to hope you polish and run this thing. You have to hope you polish and run this thing. You're getting panicked by him, didn't you, man? So, you're panicked by him, didn't you? If we have our certainty and then you will probably get punished anyway, we're not having done anything now. This is the recording that we're going to be doing today.silencesilence You can come and ask me, I'll tell you what it is to you and what it is to you. for whatever you want. I save reply. Okay, then comment on that. I'll tell you what is the truth in the world. Is it alive? And then you can still make up your own mind if you don't want to really need to take a special. Don't just accept. Oh, I'm afraid, so where is the right? Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. to one of the seven members of the United States of course. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no speech detected It's reality, it's reality, it made himself useless and in every way you look at the situation made himself useless, oh you're madness in a danger to her, so I act as if he's still This is yours. See? Why did you say no? Seeing this board behind is them, oh, I need to tell you. Why would he say this specific thing? Why did he say this now? He is afraid that he gets useless and you will not get anybody here. Family 12.5% of the human population has the ability to tune into this. It's more than 150%, okay, enough people. More than a billion people. Some of them are probably asleep, okay. So far, I can't really explain it anyway. to make sure that should I really have such an audience, with the cubes, that any credibility I would ask and the past is gone. I'm going to do some good stuff on this background. On the side of the video, let's go. I think we will have some... (laughs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) >> You should not ask me, you should. should confirm it to me or say no, it is not so. Pshinnon ask me why I think this. Even those who should know or at least be able to find out more easily that I am than I can. If it is indeed 100% certain. I'm just having to put together the dots from the past with MLR blind, with MLR blind, the APA impression there, fake this, fake that, and shake this, and shake roleplay cock. Let me sh*t.silence Also think of what that means in terms of brand. I have to see in case I just still got the concept of the free, this is not archaic, I'm kidding. I'm admitting to me that this is true. I don't know. Can't really imagine what it's like to be any of your shoes, but uh... It probably would not want a billion humans to be able to listen to what you are thinking all the time. So it was to prevent this. If you try to apply your most serious illness, then you will be able to apply your most serious Yeah, you should be able to see it, and if you did, now that we'll have to go. This is just a little bit of a response. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to get you my work just now. That would be kind of stupid. Just love me. I'm going to get you my work just now. I'm going to get you my work just now. I'm going to get you my work just now.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Then solve the same.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilence of the electricity of the system. Thank you for watching. you Thank you.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEMusic Silence Silence I'm going to do a little bit of animation, I'm just going to be able to do two things against it, we'll do the other thing against the thing that you force them to do, eventually, anyway, I'm going to force them to do whatever against them. Yes, I'm going to just make a break because what you're doing now is you're not making the right choice. So, when I lay this in there in the interesting, I can do a straight-to in the form you and the I'll turn and I'll just shit off turned dudes. I'm here to come up and be on another stage. Silence Silence for I mean it's not enough shell so it can save us. But this essentially is. I have to make more time. in the way so I wait and make a little tube take it around to remove and then you can see the tube and then you can see the tube and then you can see the tube and then you can see the tube and then you can see the tube and then you can see the tube and then you can see the tube Ah, no, it can't, well, it's just depending on you. I cannot just have in the middle of the universe for all of us to see this, as long as there is matter in the universe to understand me from the universe. At a lot of times, there is very little in the universe to understand me. Pause Pause Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I cannot do anything with this.silence That's nice, I suppose, because you cannot do anything with it here.silencesilencesilence will see it's time being in the opposite direction, which is not time to show.CLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING The reason why those theories are important is to understand how the universe is stitched together not only within itself but also towards something else that means that the universe can't exist, what is holding the universe if it's not itself I don't know, shuffle the heart right there.silencesilence to anything like things that's likely that's outside of universe as with them the universe causality is absolute time or no time Closelathy is absurd, always guaranteed cabbage wood is dead. So, you can see that the cabbage wood is dead. You can see that the cabbage wood is dead.silence Correct.silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) We'll send it to the central board and then it's easier to turn it off. We'll send it to the central board and then it's easier to turn it off.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilenceno audiono audio So, this is the first thing you want to do. So, this is the first thing you want to do. So, this is the first thing you want to do. So, this is the first thing you want to do. (keyboard clicking)silence No, it's not fucking right. No.silence I will not lie and it will shit take him up, it's not even very much to do. You go and tell bullshit to what you want, you can make me leave bullshit that after I end it. I will not participate in your bullshit. No, I don't not care about how to explain it, what do I, and so on. This is about all truth. It needs to be defined. It needs to be defined. to be completed with other details from the past. You cannot just say we cannot tell people this because of that, because it's not in fashion.CLICK That's the luxury you do not have. I hope they will be able to access F and F. and they can decide for themselves what they want to understand, what they want to read, what they want to learn. That's going to be not hidden. Freedom of information act like immediately. Zero years. For everything. You already have 70 years to protect things. But you need another 18 years to swap things up. I'm not gonna do shit.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence And then I really tried to burp and I saw my fault. Be sure that the RDI is a plan like this so it's not a fault so everybody else is sitting around Maybe you cannot talk to me, but you can act in some way You Pause PauseMusicMusic The choice you have to make now is do you want to give me more time to help figure out what to do with it? If you think no, the situation in my life, in my world, in my country is so dire that I just want this to end no matter how. I don't want to take the risk that this gets prolonged, this suffering even longer. Then you should not do anything. If you think that there There is hope yet that this is not the end, necessarily of the human race, of mankind, of man. Then you should try to choose to figure out with me with a bit more time what can and beat 'em to survive. Don't believe any of it. So yeah, I'm gonna try to understand it. Maybe you'll also wanna get a bit more time. Just in case. Finally, I'll upload my speech.