[00:01:10.75] Speaker 1:	Silence for next 30 secondssilence I don't have to go on for every individual, it could be a lot of products. Former colleagues of mine go on to evaluate who stands more to blame and who is more guilty than some, and I mean that's fine. I think a lot of people right now are potentially going to be over there on the lawn. So, thank you for your time. (scribbling) (scribbling) (scribbling) (scribbling) (scribbling) (scribbling) (scribbling) (scribbling) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) Okay, thank you very much.silencesilence Silence. I'm going to do the same thing for the rest of the book, which is… (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And I always also have a good point where I just say stop. This is my full stop and final stop and this means the end of my life. Which means me killing myself. Serious fight. Because you keep on abusing me, and I say stop. You can always claim that it's my suicide that it's unrelated with anything you do, as long as celebrity is a secret thing. But if it ever, ever gets out, and people know it exists... and they believe it and they know it's all been used for so many years in secret maybe somebody will connect the dots and see that you're actually murderers my suicide is you murdering me so how many more dead people I think that will make a difference. How far gone are you? I'm not sure. (static) I'm going to go ahead and do that one more time, and then I'm going to go ahead and do How many survivors? Only we only need one body, but we're going to save. We're going to tell the story. I think we can just leave the body in the front.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Just saying, boys, we're not supposed to do anything, so people need to force you to do something, or do it instead of them. But I have to take it on, because they are programs.INAUDIBLEsilence for next 30 seconds Silence. Silence.inaudible Malicious sidekick. Because he's been reverting to this childish... ...own use of the voice of a donor, so... ...I'm innocent and I can't get away with it anymore and get more. Could be the tensions, because of this.unintelligible I'm going to rename this to "Souls" That's the souls I'm going to rename this to "Souls" I'm going to rename this to "Souls" I'm going to rename this to "Souls" I'm going to rename this to "Souls" I'm going to rename this to "Souls" And I will have to say this is also challenging. (indistinct) (indistinct) Question was, so I think there's something else. I'll take a look at. Yes, and normally if I don't want it, I'll just spend more, which is not quite right. I don't want to bring more searches into the download pages of the calendar, within the downloads. Could I use that to dissipate more bad information? That's okay. I should do everything on my own, I'll describe again and make sure that there's highlighting through Marker for indications where there is a difference between what I've set on the recording and what I was able to recognize from my speech. If I don't do that fully myself, then I'm going to get found out. That's what they better accuse me of. Yes, you are accusing me of this. I think that's okay. I don't think I have to. In that regard, I cannot do it alone. I always think I can do more, but then I really try and I always come to the conclusion, that the old buddy will be more than what I think I was able to do. This is where I am. (typing)silence for next 30 secondssilence for next 30 seconds Silence. Silence. I think what is now required for ITG, right, to actually do something for me, or someone else, come from. them more directly with what they have to lose in the immediate, and if they could say like okay tomorrow they will do this analysis and they will do machine learning and they'll have evidence to point to the fact that they are abusing so many people and killing so many people and this is is not sanctioned by anyone, even by the aliens from ATG, then they would do something, and they would also... and that actually might be possible without having to, tomorrow also... paint the whole wide world but there is this synthetic telepathy that is used to abuse the whole of the global population under my control but this is maybe not required because they can also link things together outside of it But this is a bit too much right now, we need some other creative minds within the organization to make this field of datasets seem to be correlated. So, let's go ahead and get started. I believe we already have a couple of suspects and the suspects that I have for the presents here Boris Van der Lijlheid my upstairs neighbor who has been completely destroyed and she's much more victim than maybe anyone but she is being remotely controlled by the people that steal the pakara other individuals which I've been able to recognize over the years here are all my former colleagues, so... Thibaut Galland, Frédéric Deschamps, Marc-Claude Soutain, Yves-Anne Rosty, also, Pabla, thank you so much. Who else? I'm going to forget a bunch of people. So, you want both rights of course, you want both rights and for a slave to name, it uses all the settings, but I think anybody wants to be a ETB, and there is this NGA, North Carolina Regional, page on LinkedIn, by the way, which is no longer the name used by this company, but they turned it into a sort of alumni page, and if you look there, there's... Nobody could catch this stuff. In the U.S. there's nothing like it. I'm going to be going to a different company next week. This is pretty much the same. I've also been able to get out of this. I'm just going to say, "I need to see you do a good job at this." And then...silence I'm going to prefill the teal for the LC, okay, and the office is even probably more, and on the left, that's a bottle of Russell's, of the Lennox & Bowen. My office building called The Crescent. (silence) I hope we don't forget to check their financial records, because we're still going on. I know many of us suspected the fiscal authorities, so we can go to the National Bank. bank bmd.de also going back with this we don't want to have a new report nbb national wealth and value and check the blue lines we don't need this and So space. Millions going back and forth. Anything special there? Yeah, the developer environment is spread out globally, which is probably a deliberate choice to encapsulate. So, for instance, the developers themselves or their teams don't know. the full story so they have all the people working in the States also in Ukraine and also in the Philippines. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)BLANK (mumbling) (mumbling) (humming) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) Victims that I know, sorry to read, this is officially on paper as essentially toxic work environments, but then I think it's highly likely that they are also being abused or have been abused through telepathy, not necessarily always. with voices, but I suspect most of them are low. Some elderly as Lucy Perry, I think also young and female. I'm sorry. Try to finish this story online. the story had to be removed of the court's decision but the comments you can still find through my lintel and the people with their sons for some point you can also find through the article i published which was called the light and the bully These vanillites are forcing their own people to commit suicide, as yes, I used to be an employee at that company for 16 years. you you you you you you you you you Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.silence So somebody suggested to use Google's chatbot, call it general. I'm not going to PRD, but it's going to be all the way off it. Ask it to verify the transcriptions based on. The text file and the mp3 audio file which you can just upload. It will ask me to upload Corona Aspects and it hasn't received it yet.INAUDIBLE All right, I'll get to recognize the audience first. I'm going to compare it against what was shown on the page. Video playing Video playing Video playing Video playingsilence And words of God applauding us. I'm worried about getting sued again. So, I would prefer that I can upload it and say, "This is me." But if I'm going against the lawyers, in which I won't get anywhere now after I've had a lot of spicy comments on LinkedIn. I don't know if I uploaded this to the weapons authority somewhere, without having to publicly making the vehicle to go all the way around, immediately, I think so, I don't know. Will it normally get flagged by something if I put it on the right? I think so. I'm Tim Shaver, and I'm going to be talking about how to get a good, good, good, good, good, good, good, I actually just adjusted the two iPods. That's why we rotate it first. (static) How do I get the attention of those spy agencies? How do I get their attention? Not only do they look at it, but they also have an excuse to do something about it. there we go, we are autistic in the US. Chairperson on the Intelligence Subcommittee. Okay, thank you.inaudiblePause for group work Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. I don't know if that was being funny for anyone, but that's something that's still all of that going on. I'll show you. Okay, let me see. Okay, let me see. I'm going to go ahead and remove the corners from the windows at the same time. Now it's gone again. I'm going to go ahead and remove the corners from the windows at the same time. (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) So you said Alabama, you said it's not Wisconsin, it's so definitely not California, okay. I think that's the so-called team of members of the House or the Senate. What else is in there? Let's see, like, uh... Uh, TV... Game show. I want to try to trust you, so I want you to give me data that I can use to feel for. That sounds reliable. Unless malicious storage. Silence. (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) You You You YouINAUDIBLE I don't want to do it publicly right away, and maybe also we have a lot more coming and a lot out there. I'm trying to find it out. Recently... and then we'll walk through the rest of the belonging. Okay, let's get started, and just to see if that's all, we are done. I see you still doing the internet property. I'm not recording this. We've got a bunch of other things, and please make sure to turn off some of that noise again.silencesilencesilence Who has access to the creating content of the daily brainwashing, conditioning and the cellular, the second side of the experience? Who manages it? This is the young man. Maybe you should try to pull it out. I don't know, I'm going to try to find out. Where did... How did that source go? I'm going to try to do the lie detector based on some suspects. Are you using the local settings? Yes, I am. So the daily indoctrination brainwash maintenance updates that are apparently, well this is still being done daily to probably the whole population, that's the difference between people who have voices, skull voices and those who only have a brain. that unconscious nudges but both would require updates to maintain the condition in the program and then the question is who creates that daily updates who manages that content there are possibility that there's local segments which are added for smaller groups like Lois or Elia would be the suspect for the content that they get themselves from a product development organization and probably some of the target populations that they are abusing everyday or trying to create more leavers. power and influencers are infiltrating government organizations and cultural influencers that are spreading certain messages. So he might be a lead to Belgium and... So, um, that's just an idea. Thank you, and on topical boys, Vanilla, I would really like to figure out what happens to this kiss. I used to have two sons, which is insane, still remember this kiss. I would have died in a boat accident. to lift up his wife, Sepulchre, and the little children in the violence of the coast of Stockholm, and his mother, she is in Shreveport, I think, yeah. Was it an accident? Was it actually completely different? Somebody tried to harm or kill someone else? Does he have kids at all? Is it all made up? All the stuff for the last 30 years? What I know is not made up, is that he appeared when I was a child at the windsurfing boats club in Oostend, well of course, and then he reappeared in my life in 2004 or 5 when I joined the windsurfing. What I know is true is that my first boyfriend, Paulo, the end of the house, going in Brazil, Nobody else changed as far as I could tell the nationality to this effort named "Babu". We started to hear voices when we were together. What I know is real is that my name is X. Well, that could only be... ...certainly one step. He was talking to his plants and he talked back to them. He didn't know what to make of this as well, and then when I started to hear what he was doing, I started to wonder if he had told something. But this insane make-believe weather-wise.., and then this started for me this, at least you were asked to do it in September 2017 when I became aware of the voices that were attacking me and were invading my mind. Let's see if these. (static) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) I think I can pull that forward on the switch.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilence You can send it to the intelligence services. You can go to prominent elements if you don't mind. Let those send their replies.silence I don't know if this is right, I shouldn't jump this side. But if they're not aware of this, or if they're also infiltrators...silencesilencesilence Simple enough to... (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) I'm glad to have you here with us. I'm going to touch on this a lot in the game, and we're going to go through the challenge. Is anyone going to reply? No, let them reply. I should have guessed that by the sound of that bullsh*t though. You You You You You You You Maybe I should just let it rest for a bit and make you think a bit about what you want. What do you want? You want us to name the secret and you don't want to trade cards. You do want to throw them out, somebody else says, but not yet. So, many of the abusers, I think I understood, are being blackmailed. to do all those horrible things. This might actually go as far as threatening their children and other loved ones, family, friends, with their lives or so on. So they also do this But they don't maintain this omerta. They don't maintain this omerta. Thank you. (static) So you're asking me to send this out right away, but I'm also afraid to make mistakes, and I want to think it over first. But also then allow you some time to provide other ideas that are logical and that make sense. sense and that gives me the confidence and the trust that it's worth doing. (silence)silence Yeah, but if I become... identified as a public enemy number one or a threat to national security because I'm unstable and a lunatic that needs to be locked up because I'm je pose un danger pour soit moi-même ou autrui Let's say in French, "Dame." that's also what intelligence services do, they identify potential threats and whether that means that i then i'm already dead or not i guess is what i'm saying doesn't really matter the point is that if I'm identified as a threat and I'm dead because I already committed suicide, then nothing else will be done with it. Otherwise I'd say "okay, he died anyway, so poor threat, let's move on to the next thing." So it is an important question to ask myself. For you.silence Lastly...silence I don't know if you know, but in relation to the characters, the people, the spell names, the dominions basically, they always used to... I don't know if you know, but in relation to the characters, the people, the spell names, they always used to... (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) That's a good one. Thank you.silence No, that's not this one.silence Overloading of... sending this to multiple institutions, countries and agencies at the same time so they cannot deal with the problem everywhere at the same time is not useful. You want me to do this because I know that. to do it the right way without taking it to a cripple. You have to always take a long time to decide anything else. You can't really prove no one.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (static) You You You You You You You you you you you you you you you you (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling) (mumbling)silencetyping soundssilence Bye bye. Oh, fuck. (static) Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)BLANK I'm going to put that in there for a second. So, that is Why I still try to follow their lies, why they always seem to deceive me, why I let deceived still, well I guess, I think myself be deceived. If you don't, then you always see them as the enemy, you also develop more hostility towards them, the abuser side to between others and they use this hostility from you as a genuine threat so they can find the motivation, the energy within themselves to abuse you further and harder. So by demonizing them you make the demon bigger. and while traveling. So by letting yourself, you can call it being deceived, but you can also call it trying to find some good in them, and going along with their deception up to Two points, just still trying to. assumed they may at some point have good intentions again and you're still less hostile, but of course that is a tricky thing when they push you all the way to psychosis and force you to commit suicide. but do other dangerous and reckless things to endanger yourself and maybe even others. Be very careful. Thank you for watching.