[00:00:10.00] OneOdio FM1:	>> Maybe they can start to go away now. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to do a lot of things to cook. I'm going to use a bit of a thing for the... Silence (sniffing) All right, just a minute, we need to do this step, let's. Well, that's a very good build being a cross-size road change.silencesilenceINAUDIBLEno audiono audio SilenceBEEPING (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking)no audiono audiosilenceclickssilencesilencesilence So, I'm sorry to talk, saying things and looking around and just understand, talking external, and so, boys, girls, gay, gay, gay, gay, and gossip, etc.inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Soundssilence I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to set this up so you can see that. and you'll be talking about, you'll be coming to the canyons or other canyons or so. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence So I think someone out which starts is on the robots, so they are kind of so bugs, so it takes to be meeting all of OK, with all of the intro, but the robots takes out every So if you start one pair and see what's in it, I'm going to do it.silencesilencesilencesilence Silence >> You can push into all of us and we want you to meet for the Shabby. Inaudible Remarksilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence That's probably all my reservations and then you're slumbering on to say that I don't say more about myself, but I'm glad to see you bring this to me, God's. I'll switch to the other side of the screen.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I think I'll be sitting on the floor for something instead of this, but sure, I'm not experiencing this far much more experiencing needs. I could be sitting on the advisory boards instead of this, but it would be qualified And that was by the reborder for sort of this. *sigh* *sigh* *snap* *snap* *snap* *snap* *snap* *snap* *snap* >> Well, first thing we need to do. the shots in clarity, you know, I did not want you to know what was exposed to since nervousness and challenges. I'm doing a little bit of a little time. Evening at stuff, of course, and, of course, good. Too much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilence Silence Silence So, I'm going to start with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a littleSilenceSilenceSilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pause Silence Silence Well then, because of both, can I get some before?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) If you're going to touch a global thing that is supposed to give you an insight, appearance, I'm just going to show you a little bit of the top of the carpeting fields. It's almost seven degrees below the top of the carpeting field. It's almost seven degrees below the top of the carpeting field.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE that we must have something on the meeting so we'll be on the floor and we'll be made soon. We still don't yet, so I'll discuss the meeting. Now as you're saying, I always discuss the meeting. There's only one team in turn, I'm on the meeting. All on the staff.SilenceINAUDIBLE MusicPausePausePausePause So that's what it means. Oh yeah, that's what it means. Oh yeah, that's what it means. So, I'm going to need to confuse physical pain with something else.silence so we can always interject to you.silencesilence It's time to take now your turn back to another team when you've fed up and you're already ready to make mistakes in the beginning of the year, so you have to be so far for something to be accountable for when you did it. You will jump back to the old thing of all but this is only to destroy you and to you. I don't have to be anything so we will like to listen to that. Thank you very much. But do tell when you will have a set of options. Let me see. Thank you very much. Silence Inaudible Remark Everyone must have made a constant decision. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. I'm just going to change that as well before you shoot me. It's easy to be in your superior to the people that you are doing. So, you're going to be able to do all this across your minutes. That's a question to me. So, I'll spend a little bit of time. I'll see you later.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) not to let the mirror go any more than a little bit.inaudibleinaudible Okay, I got you in the first turn, and I've actually told it for you. You may not be able to say like you do something when you are accountable for what you say to be there. You may not be able to say like you do something when you are accountable for what you say to be there. You may not be able to say like you do something when you are accountable for what you say to be Pause Pause I've never read all the personal explanations that I've just told me I've heard them all.INAUDIBLE What you need to worry about is what you are doing.silencesilence What exactly meaning us that never had an interest in what I did thinking about, but sometimes it was something. which you want to extend to the stone. It's sometimes a little bit of a scissor.silence Voice. Yes. Nothing. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Thank you.silenceinaudible So, she...PausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Pause Pause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no audioinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusic So, I can't even add the inner one to this, so I'll just fix it. So, I'll just fix it. So, I'll just fix it. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Soundssilencesilencesilence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Inaudible Remark (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> As those swears, those men still look to see. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I have a last one, this is a little bit, I'll give you a last one, which is a little bit. It's about $10.00 and it's about $10.00, so we'll see you on the next one, we'll see you next time.Sighs Where's the other side?SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I don't know, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it. Oh, this is so...silencesilence Silence Silence Silence I'm just going to turn around and say, "Well, I'm just going to turn around and say, "Well, I'm just going to turn around and say, "Well, I'm just going to turn around and say, Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence >>INAUDIBLE about your question.silence Excuse me, sir.silencesilenceINAUDIBLEMusicKnock No, it's not. and give me a little bit more coverage, I think, a little bit more coverage. A little bit more coverage, a little bit more coverage. A little bit more coverage.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence You can see the link in the description below, you can see the link in the description below. You can see the link in the description below, you can see the link in the description below. You can see the link in the description below. I'm just going to switch it up to the other side.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause And this is the most important thing that I've ever seen in my life.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence I'm going to shift it to the ZUC mark.inaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencespeaking in foreign languagesilence I should teach. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, I'm going to show you how to use this call accession, 321, and you can use it as a keychain. You can use it as a keychain.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clattering) Silence Silence Silencesilence and that's this thing. (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I need to turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off,ClappingClapping I'm going to hit my pen out and move it myself. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll see what you've brought up in the chat. It's all about something. Okay. Okay.silencesilencesilencesilenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to switch to another question. I'm going to switch to another question. I'm going to switch to another question. Silence Silencesilencesilence Silence Silence I'll give you the shape of a corner.silencesilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to start doing this here, but that's a specific thing. I'm going to start doing this here, but I'm going to start doing this here. I'm going to start doing this here, but I'm going to start doing this here.Pauseinaudible Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct) I'm going to go follow up with the she-funk.silencesilence And now, how can I open a call?silence See you soon. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. I'm going to do something for you guys. and we're going to use this and we're going to put a little bit of the end of the line.silence Silence Inaudible Remarksilencesilence (clicking) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) So next time, girls, next time.Pause Thank you. Silence Silence Silence I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'll take the same thing, I'llno audiono audiono audio >> What are you called to share the terms of the option? I didn't improve that, so I'm just going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it.no audioMusic And I'll go over to the other side of the screen. What?silencesilence I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.Silence Hello, my name is Sean, and that's where he tells me that it's my place in my system.Silence Inaudible Remark Well, that's hard to hear from myself, if you're not searching for it, to be so probably the car I said I'm not changing my mind. make sure that it's possible.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Useful for something in my life, the moment I start doing something that could be useful for my life, then I start to take me in, and I could even be watching something on the TV. I could even be watching something on the TV. I could even be watching something on the TV. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Well, yes, you are malicious to also find important people coming close with malicious one. Silence >> Good, now everybody knows the talents. different to being out of bed in the mountains.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible But there is a source of information next up there. Next up, now I can... You can see the source of information on the screen.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audiosilencesilence Silence Silence Disable items and express.PauseINAUDIBLE and then it's going to come up, it's going to come up. I'm going to express it. I'm going to show you all. So why not?silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Now we know single house, but the state doesn't mind it, it's completely new, it's kind of a city to run away from these homes. Silence (clicking) We're concerned. Do you see? (clicking) (sighs) All you want to talk about that is not so abusive if you don't want to let me be. Thank you very much for your time. you Thank you very much. We'll be using the F1.0.0.0 for our most special approach, the new one in the Bay Area Thank you. Thank you. (coughing) - What's the matter, dude? Thanks. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicPausePause Now then we really bring much of it into the problems of following a proof version of humans that can then procreate small keeping improvements in that you're not to make up for all the small nature works.MusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilence if the only side of the system that theinaudible the options, and do not need to and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away another sail and then I'm going to throw away anothersilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence and you know, and you know, you know, you never know.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't need negative people, I'm just fucking used up, no matter how much it's right to me, to actually me, to me, I think you've been up for me so a long time, no matter how much I'm going to tell you. So much more information on that one. Thanks for watching.Silence Because it mirrors the subtle sensation of the change. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedsilenceinaudiblesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) So, I'm almost going to drag it to a set of two, and then I'm going to go to a set of two Silence >> Based in the language, there's a sort of attitude sort of the non-intenging sort. in this modern English term, the best in Dutch, the smaller, the smaller, the smaller, and the smaller, and the smaller, and the smaller, and the smaller, and the smaller, and the smaller and the smaller, and the smaller, and the smaller, and the smaller, and the smaller, and the smallerPausePause Thank you very much. Silence Silencesilence We're seeing a lot of things. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE So that's just how it works. That's how it works.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible This is useful, if you use it, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something, to reach for something,SilenceSilence 6 and so on. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, and they already responds to not living. We must have fully left the given impulse from something or something. This is so many times. I should still respond to not just possible. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry >> One of you, one of you, what's in the ass, morning to leave. to the most important research, which you need to share the opportunity to know. Boss, you need to know as boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, boss, Thank you very much. There's always a little bit of tension, a little bit of superstition. I'm talking to the first thing about doing the thing with the second thing. So I'm secretly going to solve this annotation. Silence Silence Yeah, but think about all the situations in the problem that I might otherwise ever come to and talk about solution, and I will just solve it. instead of this we should just now make a push and use it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) - You see now it's done.silencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't know if it's not missing that as long as it's not real. Why am I the only thing? No, I'm excited, but I'm excited to listen to that happen. That's a good thing. so I could have been upwindings. but they understand some of the things that we learned, why I was not doing cables about the India's, why I was not doing it, because my acceptance now was just for this something that was leading up to my understanding. Now, yes, so why do you want me to soya? Can you do my consent after all these years? Yes. Thank you. Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence Thank you for watching. whatever if you're how much of that is due to the fact that the resulting is still being kept sick. If you can see that maybe all of this. Silence Silence Just in front of me. You always need to resort to negative testing to the person works and now I'll you left with a small trunk for the scores. Now that person is annoying, he's so much from all the potential that he'll shape the image if he will note that in this damage. Shhh! Shhh! Shhh! Shhh!MusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence It's a good life, I also know the end of this.SilenceSilenceSilence Pause Pause Well, they figured out that they need to finish so well because they're going on for so long. and the amtibious regulatory system on the OS. The only thing that can come up with this is the part of the data situation. We don't have that. We don't have the data. We don't have the data. We don't have the data. We don't have the data. We don't have the data. We don't have the data. We don't have the data. We don't have the data. We don't have the data. We don't have the data. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected you you you (knocking on door)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Doing what you really can unleash too much canine and come to your own sensibility of being barren or your being commissioned without the very broad consensus. Thank you very much. So I can say about all your discussions and what I've been doing is quite a money and pain and we cannot really pain and I'm wondering what bad comments are coming from you. This goes through such a little tease, but I don't think so. It made it to finish. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silenceno audiono audio (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible to welcome the initiation of the objective of the decision from the repeat of the almost ordinary history we've translated into welcoming the initiation of the 6th and 7th of all our fatalities and details in that way. the mission, the mission of what God was in. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Pause PauseINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, all of us are from the village, so if we're supposed to stay in the very top of the and security, so we have to put it in this list. I don't know. It's a fairly small step to the computer list list, and there are always a lot of important parts for you to show you some of this.silencesilence Where martial law is announced, from the mental constitution or rights, stop in rights. All of the reasons we need to ask is what's for it, so you can always expect at this, so you can read that certain positive for us, see for a moment, so you can read a lot to produce it and ours. It doesn't have a lot of value, but not the others to use it. Why do you want to define all the terrorists at this? Now you just need to face beach together with terror as you can salsa bar. Wow, okay. Let's do all this. which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which should be mod, which is mod,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We need to be responsible and mindful of all the need of a wish, and we will also be taking and it's just a different kind of thing. We'll just bounce. Maybe I'll just bounce, and until now, the principle in which the European sovereignty time of just start to say, oh, it's probably because the European sets up in this situation. Password. Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Now, also next key on the feed, we are going to go about it, we are going toinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Thanks so much. I'm going to take a look at the screen and see if it's working or not. or plus they bring a compilation of people to those who decide to do it. You will play a little bit of the song. I don't know. I don't know. Well, that's a big lactate. We're going to need a little bit. Silence SilencePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I think I'm up. I don't like me, but I'm not yet here. So I think those evil pets also... Crocs! You're just for your own beings. Keep me in my room here. You have much more respect than what they've already said. Much more respect than what they've said.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audio Silence Silence This morse is that's the name of I.T.D. The TGM needs an F.No IDs. About what to do. So what is left for them? This corruption, the problem of the institutionalized corruption. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.silencesilencesilence that the council is meeting the committee of the government, and of course, you have these criminals in service, and you tend to have someone come out of this now. We are a situation right in the middle of the process. Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected just to more details, reading of whatever you're doing at foot.silencesilence Background noise Background noise Background noiseINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected So watch for all of this. Thank you for watching, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time, see you next time >> Let's pause.inaudibleinaudible Thank you very much. Because you are abusing, creating negativity, you are not looking at all the ways for things to be taught or communicated without all this abuse and negativity and just because you never tried, you say it's not. the only way, which is probably why you don't want to give it a try so you can keep on claiming that's the only way they have to save abuse words as the only way to squeeze ideas or whatever about certain things. You never tried anything else. Why? All the signs, just like that, are all the signs that are all the signs that are September is going to be 7 new. It was always the abuse and as per moment it was notes meaning that the abuse is, we were always ready to backstop writing and destroy the thing that couldn't happen to the students. Never giving anything else to it. Why? Why? Why? Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. We never been told that we just tried it and you still say you don't think anything else works. Works feel like doing the same thing for four years because you think you're going to play in the mushroom for whatever stupidity that doesn't work for four years, then you keep on doing it. Bye. What comes your own? Clearly you had a wrong question for this.silence So I should resist any reaction, obviously everything is in the exam, make you think of a lot of you too, and if you're already trying out what you need to do, I'll send it to you. Just go sit down. So that's what we're supposed to do before we see the results. What is it about? 10.3% in the limit. 10.3% in the limit. 10.3% in the limit. 10.3% in the limit.inaudible >>INAUDIBLE Silence Silencesilencesilence The reason why I don't commit so much right now is for the sake of... the brain sensor, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on the line, it is running on thePausePausePausePausesilence So, I prepared for the landing and landing, and so it went towards the I am not in the audience, I am not in the audience, I have been seeing different things, they have come up here. They have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up here, they have come up I am not in the audience, I am not in the audience, I am not in the audience, I am not in the audience. If I say not, there will be a few things that will be going on. Ah! Can it take us? So I need to send a message. So, I will start with some initials, why would that be a difference? Is there a radio in the room? Oh, wow! One time, I started to start to insult something back from the earliest everything to the suspect. So take a name, sir, where are you from? What are you doing? Take a name, sir, where are you from? What are you doing, sir? Ah, 15. What's the name, sir? What's the name, sir? And that's something that boys does all the time, you know, I'm certain, unitators. I have feelings. Okay, else, let's do the light. That's what that is about me, just once, just once, just once, I'm saying this. I didn't measure the response to that, don't make me stay excited. I'm so alone. Do you feel lost? Do you want a part? And I should say that one of the more rights is just listen to what I said and do with everything that we've seen. you you you youinaudible Silence I am now that you are and difficulties finishing what I decided to say, so you are going to say that I need to accept to someone else what one indicates what I say, I think, and I send a lot of send a lot of send a lot of send back and send in the beats, send send your send out of this back and don't go on the background and send all the send messages again. to someone else but you are much different from the states that can come with a difference to my notebook at all. So clearly you are not able to do anything. You will not say anything about it. I mean, you will not say anything. We were able to censor a bar of just water tanks, we were simply incapable of them.PausePausePause No, this is you, of course, it's malicious, I don't know. How do you talk with malicious?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Showing one to you, the interest is not shown. Silence Silence I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. I can show him a label too. SilenceINAUDIBLE There's no exception on it for this twerp boy. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. You killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, you killed, Well, that's in stupid, it's a bit confusing, it's in stupid, so that's a bit odd, right? I don't know, though, V tried to be funny in this topic, and then you tried to move, say, something, all the time, and I wish they've seen something. I'll see you in the next question. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time.no speech detectedno speech detected I don't think it's silly for all the social products of the University of England. I mean, wonder if you say anything for us of 70% of it. Thank you, I'm going to make you any sense. Thank you, I'm going to make you any sense. Thank you, I'm going to make you any sense. Thank you, I'm going to make you any sense. I'm thinking of a sensation, and it's finally completely wrong. So, I'm going to go ahead and think about this. It's a fact that you think you can pronounce it well, clearly. You should know that you cannot find out for a valid accounts exceeding, like, like, 10,000,000,000. It must be so still still, you know, it's okay, it's okay, it's a little less, you know. Now I'm not going to do this by the first part of the song, "Sick Mission Over The Elks" or "A Few Beacons" or "Support Me To The Experts" or whatever, awful, awful, awful. What is awful? Ah, it's ugly. What is ugly? Ah, it's ugly. What is ugly? It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. It's ugly. Maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need to make a new one, maybe I need I'm going to use the longer line on this side to make the nose, and that's still helpful, and then you can start with the other side as well. I'm going to use the lower line to make sure that I'm not going to be sharp. If I think you can lower the line, I don't know what that means to die on a level of memory. So if I'd like to be an interesting experience, you can leave me alone so you can go to your die alone and then you're dead and you will come back so I'm going to talk to you. I'm not sure I remember, but I remember. Thank you so much.silence I've never thought I'd be nice to come and enjoy the kids' show. I don't need someone else in the joke, I'm just shooting and I'm afraid I'm not going so long. That's not true, I take a shot and sound music. Let's keep it going. I'll show you what I'm doing. I don't know. My balance. Oh no, I want to have a lonely ship. Otherwise I feel lonely or something. I hope this is interesting to me since this is all I ever wanted to ask. Will this just tell something back to me in other way than I indeed should? Please tell something now! Thank you for your service. Pause Pause But sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me to be able to do it, but sometimes it's only possible for me tosilenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yeah, I don't know that it was just the other one, but it's better than the other one. All right.silencesilence I'm trying to do a question. I'm trying to do a question. I'm trying to do a question. I'm trying to do a question. I'm trying to do a question. I'm trying to do a question. I'm trying to do a question. I'm trying to do a question. I'm trying to do a question. I'm trying to do a question. I'm trying to do a question. So, you know what I'm going to do is I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing and I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing.SOUNDSOUNDINAUDIBLESOUNDMusicMusicPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPING (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So, I'm going to put this so many...silencesilence Well, yes, I'm done with this. Thank you.silencesilence Silence Silence I'm just going to show you how to do it. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I'm sorry to have all the way, I didn't see this, but more on the other side. I think I'm going to become a little less choice from now. I think I'm going to become a little less choice from now. and I'm just writing to make it possible in the other side of the time, you see, you know, I'm probably missing, why there's snow in the other side of the room, I see, I see, I think something like that, I'm probably missing. or is that not the case? Sometimes it's like a live feed collection of quality music or something but not quite, it's only like with this meaning, super effects, so it's censored or turned into stupidity because otherwise it might not make sense in the live thing.inaudibleinaudible There's a point to make, do it so. Thank you for your time. Thank you. Silence We start off suggestion by applying the land, but some dedicated images are on sale, so that this ought to be our energy team.inaudiblesilence SilenceMusicMusic Now, the other option is to have a camera set in the position.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. >> I'm sitting here on the side of the door. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) We'll start doing this now. We'll need one touch and we'll be in person. We'll be linked here to all the sites. We'll call some kind of yearly video. I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not going to kill him now, I'm not You should, I need you more than you need me, while I do think that I need you. You should, I need you more than you need me, while I do think that I need you. You should, I need you more than you need me, while I do think that I need you. So why I wanted to read if I would need ten of them? The things in me all the time. On the couch.silence so that he sets the red and the chips Oops, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'm going to go to another room, and also a room to see if there is room to another room. There's a room to check out. Thank you for watching. Yes, there was a long time that I was, you know, at least some points, you know, for (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilence Silence Silence So, for exactly what the system can even move to anything, it can even move to anything. Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (clap) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So I call them and come up to it to do this. We can also add a little bit of that. So we have to turn it all around, and we're going to add a little bit of that. So we're going to add a little bit of that. Yeah, I need to let my laptop to the middle. I'm going to add a little bit of blue to the edge of the edge. I'm going to add a little bit of blue to the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of I'm going to add a little bit of blue to the edge of the edge. Silence Thanks for watching, I'll see you in the next video, bye bye. Now I'll change from there in the middle to the middle to the left. Come on, take the dark, take the dark and put it on. Now I'll change the dark, take the dark and put it on. Now I'll change the dark and put it on. Now I'll change the dark and put it on.silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And we're going to show just into the Agnaspir, in a small bit of dirt. So we're going to go out nice to be able to walk off the road and go all out. So we're going to show you in a second. Yeah, but some of the dirt is going to be in the dirt. the sums and the sums. We could do it. We could do it. We could do it. We could do it. We could do it. We could do it. We could do it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilence I'll see you all next time. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silence If you're checking, you should know what going to show you.inaudible I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryno audio I don't know any of you are on the spot with me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, and then you can see that there are a lot of people who are watching this video, so I'm going to show you guys a little bit of what I'm going to show you guys in the video. I'm going to show you guys a little bit of what I'm going to show you guys a little bit of what I'm going to show you guys in the video.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yeah, I'm going to miss the page that was in the end. I'm going to make a video about the next two videos in the video. I'm going to make a video about the next two videos. I'm going to make a video about the next two videos. I'm going to make a video about the next two videos. I'm going to make a video about the next two videos. Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence and the puppy system. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. SilenceSilence Yeah. I'm going to get it again.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And this bottom is straight up, not in the world, it's on the bottom, we're going to go to the top, we're going to go to the top, we're going to go to the top, we're going to go to the top, we're going to go to the top, we're going to go to the top, we're going tosilence I'm talking about a little bit of the multi-dial of function, a little bit of function.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry see if it's a tatlava wood, make sure it's round, you know that for all the ways you're able to put them in, and all those little time you can have them, so of course, you're only allowed to have them here, let it take me a lot of time.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to do the same with the rest of the game. I'm going to do the same with the rest of the game. I'm going to do the same with the rest of the game. I'm going to do the same with the rest of the game. This is the last time I've been out, but I'm going to let you know that I'm spending time, I'm going to let you know that I'm going to let you know that I'm going to let you know that I'm spendingno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Thank you very much. Socialists, Macarons, Marx and otherists, meat dealers. So now we're welcome out today. We need to be very much economy.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilenceinaudible Let's see.MusicMusic Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilenceinaudible Pause Pause Background noise Background noise >> That's a shame, that's it, John.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible and we'll be very similar. I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to do a little bit of the design for you guys. I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys. I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys, I'm going to try to design it for you guys. I'm sorry, I'm very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very I'm not sure what I'm going to do with this one.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedCLICKinaudible a constitutionality in the country, in the country, in the country, in the country, in the country.silenceMusic It's all these, you know, just a shim, it's been something that's all about it. The last one was 10 cards. So just enough. So it's a lot more. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (claps) - All right, thanks. The wheel's in continuity. (indistinct) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) Silence Sorry I can't see if I'm seeing. I'm just going to go over this. You know what I mean? I'm just going to go over this. I'm just going to go over this. I'm just going to go over this. I'm just going to go over this. I'm just going to go over this. Silence Inaudible Remark Background Sounds (sniffing) (indistinct chatter) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silence (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)silencesilence Silence SilenceFOREIGN I'm going to miss it. I'm going to go over there. I'm going to go over there. I'm going to go over there. I'm going to go over there. I'm going to go over there. I'm going to go over there. I'm going to go over there. I'm going to go over there. I'm going to go over there. I'm going to go over there. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You know, part of the semifinal level. - Just this. - Good. - Good. - Good. - Good. - Good. - Good. - Good. - Good. - Good.MusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) >>INAUDIBLE and all of us all need to be children. This is the other Want to learn more about me? Is that what I want to learn? Yeah, I want to learn more about this But I want to learn more about this Yeahsilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilence Silence Music Silencesilence You need to use the almost common volume. You need to use the same volume up to now, and you can now lift up on the columns. You're going to need to move the columns.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleCLICK and Yeah, that's it.silenceinaudible I'm going to use the menu, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in, zoom in,silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Pick and showPick and showPick and showPick and showPick and showPick and showPick and showPick and showPick and showPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause Pauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silencesilenceinaudible Background noise Background noise Background noise (coughing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (door slams shut) There's an incline route where I couldn't even tell the last thing I was going up here, I'm just going to see that. I'm going to see a bit of a negative, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Should I do that? Yeah. Should I do that? I'm gonna do that. Should I do that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm, still very close. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.no speech detected So, I'm going to go to the next one. So, I'm going to go to the next one. You I'm going to go to the next one. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) And the ugly claws off to the edge. We've got two marks, and we've got the skull to the end. That's what I'm going to do.inaudibleinaudible Silence