[00:00:00.02] OneOdio FM1:	Hello. Yeah. That's the driving on the team. That's the driving on the team. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello. Yeah, I'm just stressing you. Hello. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Let me take this again. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, the time for Rosemary's Day before I was thrown into this voice to scroll to about it now.silencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Yeah, she says you're the one who's going to miss the last time I meet her. Thank you very much. Silence Oh, what is that?Music (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudible of the night discs. to my display, not the display. Thank you very much.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) - You need to set that to set. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I shouldn't think, "Oh, I have the right to prefer it to me because you're mentality about what you need to say." But if you see me, I'll see that you know what I need to say. Essentially, that my identity is not me. I'm going to try to find out what I'm going to do.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible This is much just about asking for a solution to this is in that. Still also low on the hit, but that violence is going on in this case. I'm not the basic principle, but it's all the decisions I'm the first to cause all the tires situation, and we're not self-rightened enough, but we're not convinced that we're not the people. (coughing) This is going on to a specific record. I'm going to be talking to something, or something, or something, or something. Oh, it's a... (coughing) No, this is not something that's happening to me. It's not something that's happening to me. It's not something that's happening to me. Well, I hope you still have something left to destroy it. I don't know where I'm going. I don't know where I'm going. I don't know where I'm going. I don't know where I'm going. I don't know where I'm going. I don't know where I'm going.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePause I'm going to do a page. I'm going to save all of the videos. Pause Pausesilencespeaking in foreign languageno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilenceINAUDIBLE (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (phone ringing) (phone ringing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Well, the reason why I believe that this too, is if you look at the file for instance, to face this as well, the usability of interfaces has been a thousand to say to this for a year or two or two, not a bit closer to ten years, and there's a co-efficient subject to the subject. To design users. So now, you guys can also use this. You can use this later on to keep it so close. Now, let's begin. Now, let's just... (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (bell dings) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So basically, I'll start to extend to the new course and then post on the AI on theno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Background Sounds (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Yes, we started to make some useful phenomena as well. Close, amazing challenge. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.inaudibleinaudibleBellBellBell Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence SilenceMusic Insanity of my body. Probably nothing.MusicMusicMusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Silence Silence What's going to be the next one, but don't you know, is anybody else? Yes.SighSigh (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Okay. So why don't you say that? Please put it in the fridge. It's still in the fridge, I'm going to boil it until it ends. So we're going to start with the algorithm. We're going to start with the algorithm. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the video, I'm going to show it in the videono speech detected So, it's very nice. So, what's up? What's up? So, what's up? So, what's up? So it's interesting to me to find my last signal video about how to do that in a minute. So I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oh, I think the people who want to make it. meeting that somebody else is responding or is calling for me. Therefore, I did not intend to say this to this other person, that all the people who have bad intentions, mischievous people. They also have bad intentions. (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) I'm still denying you can't force it to touch the bottom floor, okay?silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) - Yeah. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'll be able to be yourself in the next 7 or 8 minutes. Thank you for watching. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) >> Well,INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE It's more like other people enter the conversation and boy is there's a shirt that's running well. It's a shirt that's running well. Thank you for watching. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Pause Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEsilenceinaudible Silence Inaudible Remark Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence