[00:00:00.01] USB Live Camera audio:	And it was funny, it's a good idea to have a couple of cards to play with. I don't know if you can see it, but if you can see it, you can see it's a good idea to play with. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Pause because otherwise, sexual or addiction needs to cease, or it's being met so you are a danger for the whole of territory of a span of material that you actually suck completely. So you see the impact that you have in terms of destroying the geography. or whether this you you you you you you you youno speech detected No talking, that is all, but I don't want to be too uh... (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, this is a very important question. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Silence Inaudible Remarkno audiono audioINAUDIBLE I've never said that before, but it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true that it's true So I think it's not a waste, but it's a good thing that we've been through and we've been through a lot of time. So we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot of time and we've been through a lot So I think it's not a waste, but it's a good thing that we've been through and we've been through a lot of time. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSIC (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) And in the beginning it's time to start, because I don't know if I should have been in the guns test, and I'm going to do immolator off them, I'm going to use self-seeker, but I was altered. Why is this so pleasant? Why is this necessary? It has not worked for the last. six and a half years and now you think it will start to work. Push this until I'm dead. You should know a lot better. But now your anger tells everything you need to know. No. Nobody says anything back so that means what? signalize Well, so what he has to do right now in your head.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS I can go back and say "yeah yeah let's film". I will start to be hoping the armor about the fact that yeah but as you because you are just a gay picky about this thing that you can't explore the whole world I think I can do this a lot longer a lot longer a lot longer and at the same time be able to assess but there isn't a need to dread or not danger to you or to the planet or to the cosmos and the galaxy at the same time.MusicMusic I think you understood, I said you just want to say something different because you want to say something yourself, doesn't matter what. So you should think again, what I said and not make me forget, what I... Do you know remember already what I said? Not for the reason because you're starting to make me forget stuff because I'm just tired and exhausted. I need to try it. But really, if you think it's true, you can't not afford me to die. No bullshit. Are you able to get through that idea? The next few hours are lost Okay upload for the rest of the video that I hope can go and kill Because any of these issues that is also I'm just a can see this makes bread to the point where it was visible to answer this. I'll still answer. I can't say it can't say it can't say it too proficient.clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to have to stop for a few more seconds. I'm going to have to stop for a few more seconds. Just stop reading the mind. Thank you, but get somewhere else if you do it with you at the same time.MUSIC No told be me in it, tap as much time as I can, try not to, it is trapped, push. There's nothing to me, it does actually definitely, you do it so long, and it's still not nothing to me, I can resist it, I'm stronger than that, it's not bad, I can have to keep I don't have to tell her to meet me. Next. Yeah, because I need to kill you. Somebody asked for it, you know. But it's not a problem. Of course, you're not really suffering in the time or the way, so I can keep on doing it. You just have to work out before the next 1000 years. Now you're empty, now you don't have any tools, so I think I'm going to go back looking at my mate. But you're a bit more timid. But I still feel... Well, you should be angry at yourself, but you don't want to see that yet. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.COUGH Yes, that is true that you still have not read my tweet or that you have tried to read and don't understand it, but I wish you all the best. just tell so and I'll say something stupid for the other reason from before. If I need to do whatever, I have the ability to do it eight million times, eight million new ones. Then I will make sure that will be called again and not be so At least you would also have the possibility if I would stay irritated to start to say to people as well. I think Father is a bad one, and also he is also a Malaysia. I am a Malaysian, but he is also a Malaysian. So I have to contact him. I am a Malaysian. But he is also a Malaysian. So I have to contact him. I am a Malaysian. So I have to contact him. I am a Malaysian. Oh, but then you have to go sleep, no one needs to die. I'll explain that to me again. Well, everybody always has to explain to me. You will take it on the idiots, you don't know anything or you should be in kindergarten because you need to go to school from scratch here and then the ones of those of you who are completely mentally and... The disease just needs to go into prison or to a mental hospital for a year or two to get better and get healthy. That's very well. recording and still recording and the microphone is a bit silent so let me just do something and I can continue to keep on speaking and I don't have to listen to the next super question out of house because you're still not realizing what is really going on and that is probably my fault because I need to keep on talking when I am still talking so much like this but that is because I still have a lot of time to talk to you guys and I'm really happy your other two and your mood which is two and you see me as the enemy and you have this superiority complex which is completely completely misplaced. expect me to be the opposite because that's how you know me that I will hyperbole something into the opposite try to make clear Well, you will not understand what the words are just sets So I try to exaggerate which is normal and then you will jump on that again Because if find that's fine Well, I'm the lazy Well, well, well, old old old old fuck who can do it there because I've been through everything and five years old and can be around and I know everything. But I really, you were always there for everything, you never suffered, you never went through everything. You have no fucking clue. I have to calm down, pull just one language, because I'm getting a bit too dirty. You know you can't, because you have to put it in your pocket. It's good to feel the need to be able to work from time to time for the other individualities around me here. But then I have to also wonder myself, this is awesome. It's very interesting to be able to beat the discipline. voices that need to be told the lesson, then just to get around the key points from the artists first of the audience at the top. So it's like that time when it's happening or it is also 15, because now I think of it, it could also be on some bonus music video and I also have to think about that. That you guys should go round and round and round to any any possible for fake thing that you can do in any of your own paintings. Now you have to say something else that I might really get the same time, and the same time you want to say that you have this normal, that people start to go over just like that, but not like that, and you're not able to fall because that's what I talk to drink and blah, blah, blah, blah. Next We go in the side and then we'll toss it in We go in the side and then we'll toss it in the side I don't know if you can see anything from the other side of the console. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I think there was nobody involved who had any background looks like I had three of the same color. You just got the one or one course you're at. to Manila, I hope so, and he says, "Hmm, I want to be a bit different. I'm a decking nook. That will be special and I can't because I think I'm a decked who needs to be at least ever decked nook." "The dangerous. Need to seek help? All of you." The after-er was actually more than one. So, again, does somebody know actually doing something? The YOLS has done this time and understood the problem. I don't want to try to understand and the risk to you yourself. If you don't know and the problem I know I tried to understand the problem, so you kind of says it was for you yourself, give me a little know you are. But yeah, if I say the planet is in nature immediately, and mankind will become extinct, then it sounds like a tall order. So yeah, almost, this exaggerates, it's not through everything, it's probably okay, So, it's a judgment day, which was yesterday.MusicMusic Silence Silence But you don't care about that because you take me now, you're never going to stand it on the previous time. It turns to the problem. So now I am going to explain the problem again, and I think I went in a bit more details so you should see more calls and stuff, and then what? Now you say it? Come on. Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.sighs He's on his friend's to the house.snaps fingerssnaps fingerssnaps fingerssnaps fingersINAUDIBLEno audio No, fuck off. Nothing happened. Never. Never. You don't want to be in mind and you might and I can stay really well outside of your mind. Yes, yes, you cannot go into that all-zend Buddha-opening meditation mood where you are not experienced. I decided not and I agitated and stressed at the same time so you have to be more sensitive and insensible and go in the long mind to get your pairs and you don't have a choice to pin each other mind, and you did USB is by eating, okay, bye bye a minute. I will die for it. Next. By the way, there was nothing you could have explained before. What do you think of this computer sense? The problem with this is, it's actually put P here. for too long in the stressful situation where they feel not safe or afraid, afraid, and that is necessary so they will have a heightened sensitivity because they're could be not completely in survival mode because survival is not conscious, but you feel trapped, but dangerous and it's mean, it is the very evil and it needs to stop, it is abuse, and it's not just abuse for every one like me is also abuse because you keep on doing it and if you gonna say that you're linked to it and I'm and you cannot unlink it and it's not true because you have your extra gadgets and bullshit that you keep on using and you're just like about the need to stop.SighsSighs Not before I can see... What I can see there they are still. Don't have vision. Don't make it. I have first birds. Can we just put it? Well, to you, the dead are also functioned, don't shoot it. I'm going to get you on the cell phone and you still just buy any shit? It does not work, it will not work. I need to stop being so lazy and do some real work and get out. Somebody, somebody need to kill. It does not change in two seconds, I will be dead because I will kill myself. of two seconds, two seconds, two seconds, that is new, but this is brand new, now let's try that. Two seconds, two seconds.silence I just did an extra cordage, where I can do a download and upload a day cordage and I can listen to my stupid voice and do that cordage. I will upload it, and I will post about a thousand cigarettes and die in two seconds.Clock clicksClock clicks