[00:03:30.32] OneOdio FM1:	no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detected Oh.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (crying) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning)SOUNDsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE I'm sorry for the else, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (door slams) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence (door slams) (sighs) (keyboard clacking)SilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Let's see what's going on. Thank you. Thank you very much. Anything to variance close to that, and then we make the sum bar. Make the sum bar. So I'm just going to start saying it needs to be answered, it needs to be answered, it needs to be answered. So I'm going to be going there. Should I be able to meet the show? Silence Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCLICK (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (indistinct)no audiono audiosilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING Silence Silence Silence Silence Let's see, I'm out of time. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE for the vertical line. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh Pfft You You You You You to come off with an arms that are meant to be first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first I thought it was going to be a little bit more fun, but it's still a bit more fun.LaughterLaughter I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it in the next video, but I'm not (sniffing) I'll pin you to the left, and I'll align you up to the left. (speaking in foreign language) And that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilenceMusic Okay. Thank you very much. >> Yeah, I'm still doing a little bit too late.MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Let's see, see what we can do. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) So, I'm going to have to name it up for the first time in a long time. So, I'm going to have to name it up for the first time in a long time. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) I don't know what's going on in the future. I'm just like, you know, what's going on. Take it a bit. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know SilenceCLICK (bells chiming) (bells chiming) (bells chiming) (bells chiming) (bells chiming) (bells chiming) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkno audiono audio Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence That's it, but it's still so long. That's it. You see, that's so hard. That one's always good, man. (Birds chirping) (Birds chirping) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMUSICMusic Music Music MusicMUSICMusic Pause Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesmacks lipssmacks lipssmacks lipssmacks lipssmacks lips (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing)