[00:00:10.30] OneOdio FM1:	INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm gonna stop with this all around the world. It's a very good night.MusicMusicMusicsilence Shake it one more time, so shake it another.silencesilenceinaudible You're doing this this shall.silence But it's not chance to wear you on the sand, I ain't never will.MusicMusicPausePause Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm glad that I've had enough of it. No response to all of them. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (sighs) (sighs) (soft music) (soft music) (keyboard clicking)MUSICMUSICMUSIC (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking)silence Coco.silence I'm going to throw my shirt in and get my room. I don't know, I don't know, I'm just gonna have to go over it. You need to get in my way to get in my way, let's go. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)INAUDIBLEMusic However, one more thing, the voice of God can always be heard.Music Anybody please try to to play this, so we get this.INAUDIBLE It is the M2O24051212 recording dot MP340.5 megabytes.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Just there, and I'll just, maybe we can find a number of other ways that's all together. Exactly the same. Over this time flow, you're wasting it right now. Let's time to find all those infinite number of ways where you can connect to us. But to write us, we'll always be connected. Thank you.silence Just trying to make it all understanding for that people. Why? It's so absurd to get it from what he's trying to invent and understand. You're going to need to know for sure a little bit is wrong. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)CLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING Bye.no audiono audio Silence Pause Inaudible Remark Music Background noise I'm going to show you the apple cuneion.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEPauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible side, where's the new side?INAUDIBLE and it's going to be a bit of a buzz. Thank you. Thank you. Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible Remark MusicMUSICMUSIC ♪ Every time you come and sit there, you're like the wind, you're small ♪ ♪ And I think you'll see dreams, you'll see the moon, you'll see the fog ♪ ♪ You'll see the fog, you'll see the wind, you'll see the fog ♪ ♪ You'll see the fog, you'll see the fog, you'll see the fog ♪ ♪ You'll see the wind, you'll see the fog ♪ Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Background Sounds Music Music Music Silence Silence Thank you.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Music MusicMusic ♪ One, two, three, stack up to me. ♪ ♪ It's the same time you'll need me. ♪ ♪ One, two, three, three, four, three, three, ♪ ♪ It's the same time you'll need me. ♪ Music Background Sounds Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) that really it's my old it's a shunshun shunshun, the leg black and some shunshun ready. There's a lot of people who don't think you can't even check the 80s. To the 80s, we don't have a whole lot of less students who don't trust me and they think (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Give me your hand. To me feel not for me. To me, to me feel. To me feel, to me feel. To me feel like I'm with you. To me feel, to me feel like I'm with you. ♪ Each other, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every, each and every (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music (speaking in foreign language) ♪ Do you feel me? Do you feel what you feel? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do you stand to be? Do youMusic Music Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) is not so significant, safe for the others. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark This is the one. You should see him all the way.Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking Background Sounds Music Well. So, if you want to hear the blind. (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the moresilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (door slams) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) All of our own, there's all types of them. All right, we're heading to all kinds of systems. If you don't have a six-litre, you'll be able to stop the reltec. It's really good. It doesn't help to us, but we'll stop the reltec, but we couldn't stop the reltec, please. It's physical. Not even the nature, and if we start with the new one, we have just a couple of like the same way up, and the more it fits. This is the key. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) Make sure I'm waiting for the next one to start. Thanks for watching.no audiono audio We've got a very narrow bench, you know, in a constant, steep movement. We've got a very narrow forward. We've got a very narrow forward. We've got a very narrow forward. We've got a very narrow forward. We've got a very narrow forward. We've got a very narrow forward. We've got a very narrow forward. We've got a very narrow forward. We've got a very narrow forward. No time to sell that You let me a lot Oh, so tell told me some (sniffing) (door slams shut) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll see you in a couple of episodes. You've given me one of the updates. There's been a couple of sessions. I'll see you in a couple of minutes. Thank you so much. You liked them? I'm quite glad to know them. (sniff) (sniffing)Sighs I'm all pernichin' 'em. I'm more cake than the rest. We'll die. Who do they not need? I just wanna beat 'em.Sighs Don't survive. We'll know what we're going to do next.Music (knocking) (sniffing) (knocking) (knocking) (sniffing) Hmm? Shit. Shit. Stahl misplaced. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to try to see if I can do it. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesnifflessilencesilencesilence (sniffing) Why are you sitting on the floor, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what are you sitting on, what (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales)PausePausePausePause Turn or set the moon. Turn the sun. Turn the moon. Turn the moon. Turn the moon. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I know you don't want to go out.Clock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicks (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay, go ahead and open it. Open it.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, noinaudible (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (sniffing) (sniffing) Does? (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) and we will watch the video and we will watch the video and we will watch the video and we will watch the video and we will watch the video and we will watch the video and we will watch the videono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You can call him, he's in the room here. My father. Maybe he's leaving him there. (laughs)silencesilence and You're not thinking you need to understand the urgency of hurting, is that right, is that great, is no time for you to understand what's going on. more justice. This is war. War against the Lord. War against the Exile. Justice who got it. First, you need to go back.inaudible So all those who feel guilty think, "Ah, they're going to shoot me" or whatever, yeah it's so we'll have to be shot, not to make an example but because it is a war, people die. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingMUSIC Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop,silencesighing It needs to be the same motion together. Well, much I have to do to make myself to simply be able to continue to feel.SighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible You know they have to cope with the poor killer, and they also have to film a lot better than the young divider's fucking. But they have to push the losing.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE >> Like a comic book. (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Shhh. (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)CLICK (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh, I'm on the bread. Oh, I'm on the bread. I'm on the boat just now.Sighs Oh, good lunch. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to go to the bathroom and get some sleep. I'm sorry. Let's try to melt a little bit. Hmm. Hmm.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to get a comment here, I'm going to skip this.silence (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) out the questions. I'll start by question balls. you I'll start by question balls.silencedoor slamsINAUDIBLE I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very happy to have you here, I am very The weakest link has the bottom line where it comes down. You need to go out with the Finland. I'm happy to, I've been trying to do so far for years, the year. If needs to go out. to go to the town of this near culture, how people don't need to do all the work to do. They are grown up and up to know who they are. Give them a bit of time to remember. People know their cypress. There's too much wisdom and a planet.ClappingClappingClappingClappingClapping to think about this self-regulance and data sentiment but now, on our pillow-wise, it's up to its bite, so... Ah, I don't know how to push it, but... That's it, it's up.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Yeah, that's a strong hand. I'm going to have to talk to the table all day and always say something that's in question. Perfect note, which may allow me to express my own feelings. But then you're not too easy. Do you see this? I'm not sure if you can talk about it, but I mean... I'm just going to do a little bit of the other way around. Okay, I'm going to do a little bit of the other way around. I'm going to do a little bit of the other way around. I'm going to do a little bit of the other way around. I'm going to do a little bit of the other way around. I'm going to do a little bit of the other way around. (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) six hours, looks like I'm six minute. My turn, we know the challenge, six minute, six minute. (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) Maybe you'd better try to shrink up that soon. Now, we're gonna come on down there. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> You're a good thing, you're a good thing, you're a good thing, you're a good thing. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Silence Silence You know that, you know that also, you know that, you know that also, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, you know that, yousilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'll be back. All right. Now when you are overcooled. It's not fake, I'm still angry. I'm not angry, I'm not angry, I'm not angry.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Questions? May I have to listen to that? Oh, my God. Stop it. It's... it's so stupid. I don't know if this isn't in there. (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Do I never found a new studio in Germany doing the worst thing here then, to death for a thing?Sighs (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) You have no understanding at all, boys, that's somebody. Restrain you, see the damage you're doing, you'll not make you stop thinking that it's not possible. So I'm taking my heart on again without noise to anyone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. (breathing heavily) (breathing heavily) (breathing heavily) (breathing heavily) (breathing heavily) (breathing heavily)CLICKINGINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I think I have already rocked this time, could I have done something such as this, this to you before. with all there 50s of the moment I was hit on for now OhMUSICMusic That's not too dull again, please.MusicMusic You don't need weapons in your capability to build weapons, wars are one, through logistics and the ability to sustain the supply chain. If you can only fight a war with 10 drones in your gun, garage, then you're a terrorist. If you have 10 drones in your garage and you have 3 day good turn on and it builds 10 drones every day, then the don't use drones because that's not a war, I just said a video game. So what people do not die, that's not a war, that's a video game. Complete waste of time, and the plan. Complete waste of time. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiosniffing (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) >> We're doing this. Thanks there also now, you know, I didn't see the still up here. Well, oh yes, that's just to air the relief and things. Bartige. Danielson.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this I'm going to add a little bit more of this (groaning) (speaking foreign language) (speaking foreign language) (speaking foreign language) (speaking foreign language) (speaking foreign language)silencespeaking in foreign language Well, it's not going to go in and ask me super cheap, but it'll play a bit since it's a play that presents, and I should. Hmm, sorry. Should be useful, but... Hmm. Hmm. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (coughing) (inhaling) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Sighs I'll be right till the next video. in the new item of our tool. It's just the same, we have to reach. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)MusicMusicMusicMusic Silence Silence Thanks for watching.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)BEEPING I come, boy, share.BEEPING I'm forward.BEEPING I'm forward. I'm going to do a little, like, for a while. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. I'm going to try to put it in the back. Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible I don't know if you're going in B.A. That's the industry today. (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (crying) (crying) by considering it a crime test on your parade all this human trafficking all this stuff because pushing it to the shadows where there's nothing to make sure it was people we maybe actually liked their job it is so hard to the match, everybody likes the sex, but if you turn into a profession you don't like the sex, really. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Inaudible Remark And that gives you purpose and life. I don't think it will be normal. Maybe you need to be prepared. (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence So much rights. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) That's the super chatbot of our shits. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Pause Pause I think I'll get another 30 months more coming up, I'll get another 30 years later. This is neutral, count me neutral, and I will let you go. (claps) (snaps fingers) Silence One. Silence Really also a little bit of the Pyramus, I need it. Really? Has the theory of the question, do I get an answer? That's also incidental, and yeah, those scenarios came before as well. blow up the pyramids in Egypt. If you had a Caliphate, only the true Muslims can live the way in Egypt. You done there? Well, you blowed the pyramids. You did a great job. Thank you for watching. Thanks for watching. You Thank you for watching. No apparent, maybe a... A sinks man, you know. A sinks, maybe, that's doable. Will you do that?silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence Destroy beauty. This is what we did. Belenya, go already. I won't have the race.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'm going to grab my starts. Again, because I'm failing to then do grab them. I'm going to grab my starts. How to see your failure, and how to see it. (keyboard clicking) Stop this. Now this is not okay at all. Stop the abuse. Stop the abuse. Stop the abuse. Stop the abuse. Pause PausesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Somebody needs to fight with me. Just to get this dialogue that can be constructed going, that is now what it's about.sighssighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> Last of the films that they have, thank you. >> We've got to sit down. >> There's nothing else that they have to do.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiono audio >> Go away, slow fist, now. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICK (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) Pause Inaudible Remark PauseBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBell ringingMusicMusicMUSIC Music Silence You are stupid.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible It is...Sounds of a door opening And we channeled it with the code for the protocol.pauseinaudiblepause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, well, that's what takes a good sleep from their sleep. Well, anyway, do something that makes them more comfortable in life than the moon and the light. I'm going to have to go to the hospital right now. To see how different I am, I don't know exactly what to do for next generation. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. No.silencesilencesilence (door slams)Music Yeah, Steve Fulton, please book chats. I don't know if you can see it, but it's not that bad. I don't know if you can see it, but it's not that bad. I don't know if you can see it, but it's not that bad. I don't know if you can see it, but it's not that bad. I don't know if you can see it, but it's not that bad. I don't know if you can see it, but it's not that bad. But I said that already I just wanted to I don't think it was even for the down the 50 seconds. I just clicked all the links. I don't think I'm Martin or Tiki now. You said so, and my game is being erased. There was a small video in Google search that I had led onto a video on my Facebook page, and I couldn't open it because I did not actually specify it very quickly. No more watching. Martin, Lymittor, King, Jr., or since firing figures. I'm just like an easy drinker. I'm just like an easy drinker. I'm sorry, I don't care, I'm sorry. I'll close the MGA small tractor and then I'll shift up the engine to it. I'll shift up the engine to it. I'm going to start passing it in this office. I'm going to start passing it in this office. I'm going to start passing it in this office. If you are too ugly, if you are that ugly, ugly, in every single sense. All the words are asleep.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to make a cooling-up view, and then I'm going to make a cooling-up view, and I'm going to make a cooling-up view, and then I'm going to make a cooling-up view, and then (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (laughs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (laughs) (soft music) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) I don't want to... (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (door slams)Music And then yet what? Nassiki, one more time, alight.com, alight.de. Step on show, blow it for the arc, you almost cried. Pay me now, 50,000 euros. Or bitcoin or PayPal. Do this now. If you need some sort of commitment because you know what you also need, and through my medias, you're not going to get the ferry. Stay free, no way, just abuse, no way. Please do the right thing.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence (mimicking sounds) (mimicking sounds) (mimicking sounds) (mimicking sounds) (mimicking sounds) (mimicking sounds) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence So, I'll turn on the other way around, so...PausePauseinaudibleinaudible Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Hello? Hello? Hello, who's this? Yeah, hello. Yeah, hello. Yeah, that's what I'm doing.INAUDIBLE Yes, perfect. Yeah. Yeah. OK. Yeah. That's good. I'll see you later. Bye. Bye.INAUDIBLE Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no See you all across. All across. Just do a couple more. We cut the lines. (sniffing) Hey, dude. My line. My line. Councilman. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well. Thank you for watching. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> Good sets up, London. (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence I think that's Bitcoin people. Go away, I die. You die. Everybody dies. I think that's... For your son. That's all I have. Tag. Come eat all this tag. You You You I need to shoot something, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to go ahead, I need to I'm not going to slow down my car until it is. I'm not going to slow down my car until it is. I'm not going to slow down my car until it is. I'm not going to slow down my car until it is. I'm not going to slow down my car until it is. I'm not going to slow down my car until it is. I'm not going to slow down my car until it is. I'm not going to slow down my car until it is. I'm not going to slow down my car until it is. I'm not going to slow down my car until it is. Pause Pause (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Wow. *singing* (sniffing) (soft music) (soft music) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to do a little bit more of this, and I'm going to do a little bit more of this and I'm going to do a little bit more of this and I'm going to do a little bit more of this and I'm going to do a little bit more of this and I'm going to do a little bit more of this and I'm going to do a little bit more of this and I'm going to do a little bit more of this And that was both of them, so I would like to give it a mind for both. Three, six, nine, more than. Now look at that. Bones, even the sponge pool. You're tired. See you guys, bye. Bye.GASPGASPGASPGASPGASPGASPGASPGASP >> Okay, that does. I'll see him up there.silencesilenceMusic Because I'm rich and I'm pensiony, my rich and I'm sick. They call me the neediest, when you're having a night. You are new and I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. (coughs) Thank you all for your time, good luck. I have yo... Doton, you know. This is all a bit weird. So here's how I'm going to get that back up. All the back up, it's so hard. Good, I need to stop it. But all the hits to that hand! Ha-ha! Yeah, and do so, the record on, like, Google it. I don't know what to learn, but...inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I told you to work expenses, boxy ships, I'm going to do a lot of tips here then. Back to you. No no. I'm going to do a lot of tips here then. I'm going to do a lot of tips here then.silencesilencesilence Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause PauseMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling)MUSICMUSICsilencesilence (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to start off with a little bit of the first step. Let me also, I've already filled up all of those. One of the boxes is L-45.inaudible Yeah. Can we get a pattern? (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silencesilence Absolutely good to live and we have a good audience. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll turn it over to the next one.inaudible Oh, my bad, the style of the game, and yes, I'm the dad and two of those games I healed the other day. Thank you.Clears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throat (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSIC Yeah, it's a success, it's a lot of us. Yeah, I'll do it. You know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying?MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (sniffing) Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) When you're found... ...I'm going to... ...stop. ...I'm going to... ...I'm going to... ...I'm going to... Shit, that was the shit. See you in the nice, you say? Of course I think that might be there. I have a long term term that we will stop it. Everything is very clear. Stop it. No. On the middle. Here. Oh. Nui. Did you see that?no speech detected I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. I don't know if I'm going to email the internet or something. When you know what to do you will not have a problem with being honest with. No sir, you will be honest with me. B. (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Oh, it's not working. Oh, it's not working. Oh, it's not working. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)CLICK (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. I really want to do it. So that's it. Ten is ten times ten times ten times ten times. If you think that's not enough, that's ten times. Yeah, that's a really good thing. I think I can do that. Shots up.PausePausePausePausePause What's the end?silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible I will tell you later. because the email said what is on it. "Sur-Salvo"? "The sh*t could be the sh*t." "Mmm, sh*t." "Fshh!" "Fshh!" (coughs)INAUDIBLECOUGH That's the real idea, that you can see in the wall. Now you can hear that it's a photocard, it's a portrait. this is the view it's a very good view so for 30 seconds, for the moment, in 1 kilometer and you have to wait for it and the breath is going to be good bomb it. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic (laughing) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry You could always fall in love with me if I didn't fall in love with you. I'm going to... ...tell me. I'm going to... (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Ah, that's what we're doing here. This is something I'm not feeling too well. I'm trying to get paid off here. (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (knocking on door) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do. Oh, the... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... The... I'm going to introduce that to you as they came up with a lot of fun. It's a pretty cool, good one. Is it just hang it? No, it's from the L one. Notion. I'm going to talk at home and I'm going to talk about the security of the health problems. At home. I'm going to talk about the security of the health problems. I'm waiting for the kid to get in the car and take the battery and put it in the bag. We need to get the bag in the bag and put it in the bag. We need to put it in the bag and put it in the bag and put it in the bag. I think that's all I need to put it in the bag. I don't know. (sniffing)INAUDIBLE I'm going to do the input plus the straight-off pause.PausePauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps)silencesilence (sniffing)BEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPING >>INAUDIBLESighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) So what are new with 6R then? What's the tone? (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't even want to do that with a skeg, but I'll show you how I do that with a skeg. Okay, let's do that. Okay, let's do that.Music Let's shoot it. Let's shoot it. There's no line that's finished. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silence Yeah, so nice. I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm going to get it again, I'm goinginaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Thanks a lot. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Pause PauseMusicMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do now, so let's see what we can do Pause >> Thank you. I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to start over here, I'm going to I like it for this part, but it's a bit too much for me, so it's a bit too much for me. I don't understand what I'm saying, but I feel that it's a bit too intense.silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) >> Bobo.silence I'm going to beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it Tell that you're all done with that old...MusicMusicSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Background Sounds Silence Silence The moment you start the line, the moment you've got the lines on it. That, that, that, that, that, whatever you think you replace life with, it is not life is that. No worries, you cannot come back. You cannot come back as a new one, wish for whatever you will be dead. You cannot be saved. If you think everybody can be saved, that's bullshit. People have to die. That's the way it works. People have to sacrifice. Some sacrifices will never be known and will always be for God. Some will be exemplars. Some will be pointless. Some is just about to waste, and then, sir. Die.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I could correct that if they actually do the right thing but we're going to have enough time to do the right thing but we're going to have enough time to do the right thing. Did you ignore calculations for your black hole that nearest that you will not see coming? It's tired, I asked, possible, it could be on the right course and with the gravity thing at the distance and then the angle thing and the position of all the things in the solar system, you already figured that one out. Thank you very much for your time. you youSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness Oh my goodness. Jack, I don't know if we're going to throw that side out of that either, but I just thought that's on this field, isn't it, you can take it and fill up it. Ah, yeah, that's it. (sniffing) (sniffing) - Can I have a bump? (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceSIGHSsilence You're going to be able to go down, you know, just to get put. Something's up, you're going to be able to go once.silence (knocking on door)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Do you know anything about this side of you to try what I told you? Thank you very much.silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence What is it cutting noise or is that shoe works well on the last day? It's so convict, it's insane. I'm just like Peter Thelvon, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like Peter Thelvon, I'm just like, I'm just like Peter Thelvon, I'm just like, I'm just like Peter Thelvon, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like I'm going to use my phone to see if I can get it out of the way.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't see it, I don't I don't know what I'm saying, it's a cold sound noise.clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick Oh, what's up? Oh, I see. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Pause Pause PauseBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause That's what I'm all in. I'll have to go now. I won't let that make it. I'll have to go now. I'll have to go now. I'll have to go now. I'll have to go now. (knocking on door)INAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING Silence Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause SilenceMUSICMUSIC Music Silence Silence MusicMUSIC Music So, I am going to start with the first one.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKMusicMusic Back up to the next one, we better get it. I'm going to do the time change and I'm going to do my best to do it in Kibai Pro. I'm going to do the turnkey and I'm not going to have more than a few bushes. I'm going to do the turnkey and I'm not going to have more than a few bushes. I'm going to have to grab it all these opportunities every second the opportunity to take a grab. Do the right thing, and pay you know what it is.silencesilencesilencestammeringsilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Easy, darn it.Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking Oh, yeah, yeah.MUSICinaudible Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. (knocking on door) Yeah, it is, but it may not be there, it's not there. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this.Musicsilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detected So, good job. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Bell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringing (whistling)Bell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBEEPINGBEEPING (whistling) (sniffing) (whistling) (whistling)MUSICBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGLAUGHSBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirping (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (laughs) (laughs) (humming) (laughs) (claps) (laughs) - That's not how you know it well. You're meant to never know.SighsSighsSighsSighs Silence Silence (knocking on door) - Oh, me. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible Wow! Wow! 80,000 euros. Go ahead. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSICMUSIC (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLELAUGH (claps) (indistinct chatter) *mimics* No, there's no reason. There's no reason. There's no reason, there's no reason. *mimics* *mimics* *mimics* *mimics*MUSICINAUDIBLE All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. I'm a famous and... I don't know what you're doing with it. You could leave it on me. I think it's all my shit. It's like, it's all my shit. It's like, it's all my shit. It's like, it's all my shit. It's like, it's all my shit. I think it's all my shit.MusicMusic And the light is safe. It's not very good for any of us, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anything, it's not good for me to do anythingSOUNDINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) I'm going to do it this way. You woke. You woke up this way. (sniffing) I don't know what I think so I can leave that in the room, I don't know. I'll just summary all the photos, and I'll keep an eye on you, I can follow you on all that. I'll just summary all the photos. (speaking in a foreign language) (sighs) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) You went out, huh? I follow every note. No, it's not, but it's still the same. It's been a hospital, but it's still the same. What can I say here, I can't hear anyone in the background, but I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone in the background, I can't hear anyone Yes, nothing. We can do it. That's it. We can do it, and the kids that are here are going to be happy. That's it. We can do it. I'll just make all the middle bits and then let's update all of them and see if they're too big for us. I think I need to make them clear. Okay. Okay. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to win that soon. I'm going to be all on Monday.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (knocking on door) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clacking) - Welcome to your welcome. (keyboard clacking) - Nice and make up.NOISEINAUDIBLE Well, I'm kidding, it's not today's.SighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'll turn that down. What's that? Uh, no. Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, haLaughterno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Buh! (sniffing) - Bah! - Oh my. - Uh-oh. Bah! - Uh-oh. - Oh, no. - Uh-oh. Very simple. Very well done. Very great. Very well done. Very well done. Very well done. Very well done. Very well done. The people have to be my friends. They have to pay for what they can do to help them. Respect and friendship come here. Forgive. Forgive. Forgive. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence the the I'm going to meet and explain that that thing can't be small or small or I don't know what I'm going to do now. Thank you.Sighsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudiblescoffsscoffsscoffsscoffs Silence Inaudible Remark (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic and try to kill me here, I've got a yeah, good to see you. So, period the only nicks vans, period all the stays nits. We have to have one of the vans, then you know. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I should close out any minute. Any minute. Any minute. Any minute. Any minute. (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Inaudible Remark And there's a cup of spoon left out, and you're styling a third of the cup of spoon.SighSighSighsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) Oh, sorry. Okay, there you are. That's it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it. Is this a product? (door slams) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence >> The ball professor on the belly will be a pussy at the middle of the wheelchair. Psychiatry, then, and Alex. >> All the King of the Land of the Targets. Jesus.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs The other one. I got a room to find the room to lay. I'm going to put this in the bathroom. I'm going to put this in the bathroom. I'm going to put this in the bathroom. I'm going to put this in the bathroom. I'm going to put this in the bathroom. I'm going to put this in the bathroom. I'm going to put this in the bathroom. I'm going to put this in the bathroom. I'm going to put this in the bathroom. I'm going to put this in the bathroom. I'm going to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press to press the press I'm gonna see that again, because I'm gonna see this. That's something. In a tail, maybe screw. (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudible Oh, that's so soccer, that's so, so... The list... ...companion? Oh, I'm too... ...not interested. I'm not really interested in this thing.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePause (sighs) - Don't betcha, okay, I'll put it in there. (sighs) (laughs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking)PantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingsilence So... What? You got to have been... Nice. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE I'm sorry I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go to the bathroom, I don't know if I can do it or not, but I'm going to do it again, and I'll post it on my website. I'm going to start with my rival, but I'm going to start in FW. I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in FW, but I'm going to start in I'm going to start with my rival, but I'm going to start with my rival, but I'm going to start with my rival, but I'm going to start with my rival, but I'm going to start with my rival, but I'm going to start with my rival. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the bathroom and go to the Many sisters are moving.MusicMusicMusic (coughing) (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEMUSICMUSIC Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm sorry, because it's a bit too dangerous. Oh, Jack. I'm still asleep, I'm out there, wow, Mike. (sniff) (sniff)CLEARS THROAT I'm out of it.