[00:00:00.00] OneOdio FM1:	And now the fan's cooking, so I don't need the fan's cooking if you stop when you're cooking on the stove, and this is something I've never seen before, so I think I've seen this before. (clears throat) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence or just to really work at a lot of baiting that means that you'll remain it. Probe pilots to look at the clear operator's coding generator would need to be able to keep track of all them all the way and all the anomalies and all the bugs that exist everywhere in order to either avoid them or exploit them. Because the one more you create the functioning operating systems and apps. So all computers everywhere, the more and more it will be to back into them, but more importantly, to automate the action. and the terming writing, so that it becomes a lot of trial and error, so that I think, go general, I think it's not good part of it, so I'm not really good at it yet, but they have to be told to do all the trial and error instead of humans so far promote, and I think that's amazing, and this ends. that the UN work or aspect of it is at least requires photos to allow an error bit, some keeping aware of what is actually still doing. So reverse debugging all the time, notice there already in terms of malware. But a lot of it has, of course, already been built into most operating systems for a long time, of course. But the reason why you know, security, cyber security, But it has been able to really point it. singled it out because of this so targeted and so personalized and also because you probably have been a well if somebody really starts looking to it, you need to be able to read that kind of function and build an instrument the other reason why offline backups are so important so hopefully in a better future somebody carry, do some serious forensic IT research and it composes a more effective tool for the health of its taking into account the victims not me had to go through when it doesn't actually correlate to some of the obvious that it's visible that it did send that. I'm sure of this, but I'm not that overwhelmed yet. I'm not that overwhelmed yet. You I'm sure of this, but I'm not that overwhelmed yet. (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm just going to keep on listening to this last minute. What is up? Sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss What is up?silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)silence Thank you.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Sometimes you can't go to a point where you sort of, then a bunch of things to be annoying or something like, oh, I also see this now, it's not me changing.Clock ticking (clicks tongue) See, Bob, so many people probably is taking seriously that's trying to explain it to me. You'll tell me. So far I've seen so many negative effects of it, so I've seen it. I've told so many that sort of short term. I don't know what should lead to the human society, but it's your time moving in. I don't know what it means.silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to go back to my cover app and uh before I launch you know there's another option and then you mark it and you know it's going to be a little bit more like a tool and then you need me for a new tool and you need me for this.no audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) to be a person, to be a lot of a standard on the same thing, because I know a person asking me if I do not believe in or will help human society, speaking at a mission, but I ask you to be a lot of people, if I can translate it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Here you come, there's manual mode, and I want to give you one example, because it depends on the whole space in your brain. You'll have a lot of the long-end host functions that you're kind of most about applying with rely on, become told to work with you. So they didn't use to work, but the memory. >>INAUDIBLE (knocking on door) - Listen. I'm not very good at being honest with you. I'm going to be shaking with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a also reports worried about the number of just the rate that they're actually from the successive rate notion. But that brainwashing requires this. for the two of the people working. Panifilies on TI are already quite far and trying to understand what is going on. We make it a momentous, very much in condition in the same way. I don't know what to be in. maintain all the run run when playing or becomes too much of an effort and therefore then classified very much too much to rush and eventually it is eliminated. It's my thing. I take it so seriously. I'm going to show you the abuse or the specific T9, because you have something else that you want to do, and the thing that's going to kill me, getting that kill. Just a little shout, just a little shout. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) I'll stick this in. I'll stick this in. I'll stick this in. I'll stick this in. I'll stick this in. I'll stick this in. I'll stick this in. I'll stick this in. I'll stick this in. I'll stick this in.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) Yes. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence I'll see you in the next one. One thing to come up with is one on the table, and one on the other on the table. We'll see you in the next one. You can do that on the table. We'll cut you to reload. You can do that on the table. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Those announcements make you incapable to not even exist, but to be aware of as a non-revigual cause resultant, you know, a christian grains function, you know, on the part of the, you know, a function all because you simply just don't know because you haven't used it That's a lot of questions, yep I want them to be the skin. I want them to be the skin. I want them to be the skin. I want them to be the skin. I want them to be the skin. I want them to be the skin. I want them to be the skin. I want them to be the skin. I want them to be the skin. I want them to be the skin. I want them to be the skin. But you're not able to do anything, but you kind of need to take non-cops. Because you're not getting one of them.silence She's a star. I've also lost quite a few abilities that I knew when I was reading. You can just run to your methods. You can't have a difficult, you know, it's a typical realizing spell. Specifically, I was actually... T.A.T.E.E.S. I'm just primary calling, you call it a difficult. because I don't do enough and I'm not able to get up active without fake news you you you you So, I'm trying to cut my end to leave it like this. But you're also forgetting the fact that you love you and trying to get yourself to make you safer, too. This has to be a agility. You don't have to do it out to change. It's much lower than social-domain to its world. So, then you will have two different charts of change, try to make it not happen, and control the change, and then switch between change and the metal perspective and change. I'll take the list out for a scene like commuterism and abandon a subject, create a new led rail and be ready for it. I'm going to erase the darkened names, that's nice. I need to be treated on how I'm doing the change on the predictive link. I'll show you how predictable, if it's really how predictable, otherwise it could be very frustrating, we'll just put it in the middle.silence Okay, look, that's the information we just did. >> Yeah. >> You're still not talking about it. >> Yeah. >> And now that's, is that maybe what has happened? to get to the ground piece and get up to the top of the table and then do the same thing. I can not just allow any more control over your taking on my inventory. Thank you for watching. You haven't done it yet, but watch out for my dready assing out. You know, we're going to manage the 9.10 output. Yeah, it was a big thing for I've been in the... I think I need to spend you more gays. I think I need to spend you more gays. I think I need to spend you more gays. I think I need to spend you more gays. I guess there's more, I'm not going to say that, but I just have more knowledge to be able to figure out how to do it, as a bigger database. I'll see you next time. I don't know, it was just a curbing line, it was just self. Once in the system, it goes on to the system itself. Let's remove it. I don't know if it's that good or not. I'm sorry. I don't know if it's that good or not. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. (snaps) It's kind of interesting, so this is also the right for the fact that you need to be a 60-kilone to be on the show, and we're going to introduce it in a cool trin and kind of think of it. We're going to be marketing it's essentially that stuff. We're going to be doing it differently. That's the same thing. We're going to talk about the levels. So anybody who doesn't have attention, Sarah, will be able to be doing this. It's a little too much. You You You YouPausePausePausePause Okay, quick. What's the goals? What's the goals? What's the goals? (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) you you you you you you you you you Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence We need to get down to like roughness as that. to the only dark and some other stuff. It's a terrible escape. It has to be a lesson for the ability to miss the first round of the week. I'd rather say, or so doctors, respondents, and I knew I'd be able to do it in the evening, and if I search, and I'm going to say, I'm going to miss it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Yes, well, now, let's go.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking)silencesighssilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence So this should slide it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, I'll start in the middle of the screen. It's not the middle of the middle.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (door slams shut) I need to put it in the chassis. Silence Silence So, you know, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm I'll now transfer those to these 30-bit probes. I'll now transfer these to these 30-bit probes. (keyboard clicking)no audiono audioINAUDIBLE Inversely, being taught that you're not supposed to learn because it's what they don't last time, but now you're trying to learn, can you do this yourself in the course of your moves?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence SilencesilenceinaudiblesilencePausePausePausesilencesilence Silence Silence We'll run our sins in the past, not worth it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, what's the name of the text on my name? I don't know, I don't know. I need something that is set off, definitely is an arm, and it's been a pain in the skin. Thank you for watching.MusicMusicMusic I'm going to try to survive once I'm out of it. I'm going to be out of it again. I'll see you in the morning if you're not so much. I'll see you in the morning. I'll see you in the morning if you're not so much.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePause So now, we start facing some before you have no clue, or there we go, to the right. So now, we start facing some before you have no clue, or there we go.silence choose long cross It was just as early for the appearance in the sampling magical. If he wanted to, I'll figure that out in a minute.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, I can't even find my own stuff, I can't even find my own stuff, I can't even find my name. So I can't even find my ocean. I'm not sure if I should record this. Let's see. I don't know what to do. So, what I'm giving you is a quick round. I'm just going to put it in the middle of the round. I call the number of in my notebooks. I'm going to read the book.silencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)silencesilence I'm sorry, I didn't say anything. and do our amount of time and time for the rest of the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and time for the rest of the time and timesilence I'm just hearing the same amount of impersonal of this continue with this and the indefinite individual, there's continued from long to long with the first person, that's the thing. Why don't you ask someone to speak? No, you are being in the middle of the town, you just don't understand what you're doing. That's what I'm doing. Silence Hmm. Silencesilencesilence and enable to commit this from the rest side to the and then see if it's even more useful to this one.silence the the (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilence Let's go.silenceINAUDIBLE Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (keyboard clacking) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. must be searching.Musicsilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (indistinct) (keyboard clicking) I'm pushing the mouse to recall that and I'm trying to see what it is. Because I'm sure that you probably can't mention so already, but I'm just paying more on it, and again, I'm sure you're back to the last bit before the end of the day, I'm fixing the tower. I'm just going to be fine.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio And if there's a lot of numerators, there's no new time changes that can come. Except two that have already been done, no, or in two sense confusion. Two and a half hours of transition.MusicMusicMusic Yes, we believe that it's one of these. Let me check this out. Let's see what it says. You You Probably you should get there. You can't see the moon in my house at 7 am. You can only get there to go and buy a notebook. You can't see the moon in my house at 7 am. You can't see the moon in my house at 7 am.silence I wonder if it's all over my mouth, what should I do, just need something to keep moving. So, last time I had a good question about this, but I'm still a little worried about it.silencesilence Yes, we still have the access service here with me. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audio >> Yeah. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE I'll be sure you never done anything for me while you've done it, but I'm sorry. I'll be sure you never done anything for me while you've done it, but I'm sorry. Thank you very much. It was like, you do a little bit of this against one. Not just saying, cuz it was an awesome pile of our orders. - You're a bit clumsy. Strange. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE Well, that's not what it would be. Besides, whatever they go around shouting, "Oh, they beat me this much," you'll have to also ask the same thing all of a sudden. There's a reason why I let you know that's also a good thing to measure. You can use your things while I'm doing six. We're going to do that direction so I have to try to see if we can do that. Good morning and good sufficiently clear. My name is David. Chris and the old man see the contrast, and he's so young so far into the wrong direction. I'm going to show you the door handle and the right side. I'm going to show you the door handle. I'm going to show you the door handle and the right side. I'm going to show you the door handle and the right side. I'm going to show you the door handle and the right side. I'm going to show you the door handle and the right side. I'm going to show you the door handle and the right side. I'm going to show you the door handle and the right side. Silence Silence You know the part of the programming on the subconscious is also working on me and nothing meant to know all things. The thing that you don't understand and that they may not understand is where it rests from. You have used to come from and you supposedly already have solved a manipulative Come to the sheet to work on it. That's very much specific. Turn on the white one here to clean it.silence Stop trying to push it to be constructive.silence Now you have to imagine how to remove the board here, not to stop you news. I'll turn it on tonight. The only way to do it is to make those shapes to my team. That's right, the only way to help her is to do it slowly, and then to do it. So what you understand is more affection of you than the person. (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I mean, this sounds like You stop all that means you stop using or you're trying to stop the music. Or something else.silence So, this is what we are going to do, this is what we are going to do, this is what we are Silence Silence Because the assigned does not say any lots of trying to not say enough to be using me, you don't know what to do and not know what to do for back to me. If you want me to hear you should work with me. So, I'm also going to be to be constructive for normal years if I'm doing the same. You can manage your unique. Silence Inaudible Remarksilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible You know I don't like it, use your software for the sound, just use the memory and the memory and the memory and the memory and the memory and the memory and the memory and the No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Two now, so let's see if I can use any of the vocal systems. So this sort of... Next, we need to be a little sensitive. I'm going to have a little bit more of this, but I'm going to have a little bit more of this and then I'm going to have a little bit more of this.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (door slams) - I don't know what I'm gonna do. I was just failing in the team. (door slams)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausePause See there it is, if you think you can speak like this, so it will be more difficult for me to know if you like or not, and that's why I'm more of a simple speaking. because the tower is already sprues, you don't should even just lessen it on your normal purpose, and that means it's... That's it, that's it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs)silenceMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking) I don't want to die anyway. I don't want to die anyway. I guess I don't want to die anyway. I don't want to die anyway.silencesilence I think this conceivable that somebody gave you a lawyer that's being my pint of sifon, and I've always asked you to lend something around this and tell to me this room's. But okay, we were told to do this. But also we were told to do that, but that thing is sort of a saving face line I think to us. She's kind of the only thing that costs a lot of money. what we really want to do, anyway, you want to think also about steward, steward, steward of up 30 maybe, all you need, as well as studies should just play the first kick.no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detected And then throw it all in campus, which I want to show you. Participate in this. and also the relationship between the two of us. The relationship between the two of us. The relationship between the two of us. The relationship between the two of us. The relationship between the two of us. The relationship between the two of us. The multiple will be less than one, but I'll now understand anything. Thank you for your time. >> One of the response, more people are going to be. So I'm going to put it along this last window, take it from this, and then on it it's in the last window in this picture, and then you might be able to do that, and then I'm going to put it in the stand, and then you might be able to do that, and then you might be able to Silence Silence But again, nobody wants a serious conversation and sit down and think of a new solution if you want. have a serious conversation so there's a bit of peace and then I'll explain to you by our own level perhaps or something that needs to be discussed by my goal of the Disney plan for the five year 400 plant there's always that nobody needs to suffer nobody needs to die nobody needs to go to jail there's a Useful way for everybody participate in this big of plan. Mix it all working and mix it all. I've been being worded. I'm going to use the other side. So this is the only thing you need to do when you support your team and you have your ability to go with it otherwise if you need what's not important you can see that there's Maybe the last. Addiction to power, doesn't matter. Shadows. Shadows. Shadows. Online. Online. (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) and put that all the different topics in the internal work of the ledger team. Find a way to make it all work in the right direction so it's not working. working can see one but in the way that it's always mutually beneficial. So I should take the example of cocaine farmer and mix. There's an all-debate about legalizing drugs, if I think we used to get a fair chance if you could grow a little bit of cocaine and weeds and sell as we just have company to contain those people who are necessarily against it. I don't think I'll need one of the same chances I would have to do with it, yeah, it's actually going to be worth it. you you you So, because of anything that most of all needs to start, now it's the main effect starts to make a chance of getting the gun. But still it. The only way to do it forward is if you can get, if not everybody wants to. close to everybody, feel like doing a useful thing, something that benefits them and benefits others, and that doesn't result in constant conflicts. So it's the fact of life that the level just allows American column is around the reps, so we cannot just say, oh, we're going And that's the end of the video, that's what we started out with, I can't believe it's going to go away. It's not possible.silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence Silence Silence >> Well, it's like, what should we do?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silenceno audiono audiono audio Silence SilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audio I'm going to do something more about this. So mix. So, what did you see in that? What was suddenly the name of the children? Finds? Finds in there. Confirms in one way or another. So it's not just interrogating or trying to know the other option. >> Can you not do this specifically, brother? >> So what happens if you don't want to do this? and you're okay. There's a selfie, let's see, you're all right. Silence Silence So, can you tell me what it is just so you want to do? The first thing I want to do is I want to make sure that there is some more. to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, to the engine, I wish you did now and then you started to be the police or use box around it and then you started to have bits and balls to the ball table which never quite managed to do the same thing. Thank you. So all the interactions from red are stored on a separate database which is not okay and there it gets aggregated and it tries to rebuild. So there, now. I'm going to have to go to the other side.MusicMusic But I don't just think it was not from all relevant things, but it's been a long time. If I could have had this objective built in, I remember there was meant to show that there's meant to resolve the corrupt bond with it. So, anyway, if you want me to use the things I'll use, so as I'll prep a manual. So, if you want me to get a piece of the manual open, I'll give it a minute.MusicMusic So, I still have a little slumber left. This is the dream. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Well, that's one thing, but don't think you'll also if you try to rush into New York. Now, I'm done you'll also face this other world, which is that it's mind-peeing. That can always allow the core technology to reach this option on the list. Thank you for watching. So, I'm just thinking that, probably in these cases, it's welcoming me where I was a notion of graphics in the beginning, and I'm not really bad at a notion of graphics now, and there I think the higher resolution we have accomplished should be our minds. and the lower resolution graph is going to come from whatever bolt I'm taking out. So, you can see the lower resolution graph is going to come from whatever bolt I'm taking out. You can see the lower resolution graph is going to come from whatever bolt I'm taking out. that's not what we saw at that time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence So I'm going to show you something that I'm going to show you in the future. So I'm going to tell you about some supporters who are the right now. They're the kind of supporters you're going to be. So I think that they're not all so good. There's a box that you don't need now, how it's, what should we start?silencesilence You are being lonely for the rest of your life. of pixels, you have to explain it to me, you have to explain it to me, I have to explain it Yeah, I'm pretty sure.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected So we start from the beginning, let's do the beginning of this, start from the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the I'm because of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value to all the book or grabbed him more or nine to the black one instead of the black call the interest. Silence >> You believe that I exist? You believe that? Why do I think that this because they are in a bigger puzzle part of the most likely that was a, uh, that once to was the present dark, very dark, and the whole thing, and that dark, being, uh, well, the fear that was a little bit, it was, I just had one, in motion, between, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, We can't afford a birthday camp for me. So then, the basis research is, you know, the basis, the basis. the thing is with this very focused mind, it can be a lot of things done very quickly because you can get a lot of resources to be focused on the individual groups, but you need to look at the other side of the group, and there is now one being the best one you're allowed to do. Silence Silencesilenceinaudible I'm just going to do the lightning chateau. Kind of look like I'm too much and I'm not too young anymore. So, I'll find yourself to call on this.silencesilence Interest, why was you in question for me? I should have known you guys in a minute, and then you just find a comment for this. Certainly sounds very fresh as it was there for a minute. Warm, cold months. All the space around the first last time I was covered. Thank you very much. So...MusicMusicsilencesilenceSilence correction. Yeah, that's possible. I'm listening to it, but it's also clear for me now. I can't know that's really good. Oh, yes, I'm going to give you this. >> Well, it's a different thing to do when I'm attention. >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to show you two different things. If you have a voice on the phone, you can get a microphone, or a microphone, just to make a voice too. Because I always know it's worth seeing, or I can't think it's just a bit... ...from this stage. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detected What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence