[00:00:00.20] OneOdio FM1:	CLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGsilencesilencesilencesilence Life is just a museum. So I went and love to take away the stuff. I love you to win, that used to be a leverage, like the energy supply line, the Russian and almost that's the least, or the least, for the Russian.inaudible I'll show you this. >> Good. >> Thanks, everybody. Come on. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) So I know show stone, stone, I can't not know that there is any color so I will show it. So I will show it to you. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you very much. I'm going to have a few more sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm going to have a few sessions and I'm Silence Silence (knocking on door) Thank you.MUSIC Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ I'm not going to share the truth ♪ ♪ I'm hoping for the answer when I'm in love with you ♪ ♪ I'm hoping for the answer when I'm in love with you ♪ ♪ I'm hoping for the answer when I'm in love with you ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music MusicMUSIC ♪ You can swing, squash loops. ♪ ♪ You can do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do me, do ♪ You can swing, squash loops. ♪MUSIC ♪ Each air ends up on the wall right on the wall ♪ ♪ With me, oh, Bouchard ♪ ♪ Won't you go, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ♪ With me, oh, Bouchard ♪ ♪ Oh, she chimes like a flower. ♪ ♪ Oh, she chimes like a flower. ♪ ♪ It is much more beautiful. ♪MUSIC ♪ Till the way they keep pulling your head and Sunday ♪ ♪ And you're the one with blue and blue ♪ ♪ You have the dates and all the white ♪ ♪ He showed up at the chin and it's not me ♪ ♪ So pretty ♪ ♪ And she got another one, she got another one ♪ ♪ All your food in the water ♪ ♪ In your burning hands ♪ ♪ She'll laugh ♪ ♪ My, my, my ♪ ♪ Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do ♪ She'll laugh ♪Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC ♪ And the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, the game, theMusicMusicMUSICMUSIC ♪ Hot water and snow ♪ ♪ And all of it here, all of it here ♪ ♪ Hot water and snow ♪ ♪ And all of it here, all of it here ♪ ♪ And all of it here, all of it here ♪ ♪ Hot water and snow ♪ ♪ And all of it here, all of it here ♪ I'm George Brown, I'm Bint, and C'mon, and I'm a little bit cheaper than I thought, and I'm a little bit more expensive than I thought, and I'm a little bit more expensive than I thought, and I'm a little bit more expensive than I thought, and I'm a little bit more expensive than I thought, and I'm a little bit more expensive than I thought, and I'm a little bit more expensive than I thought, and I'm a little bit more expensive than I thought.MusicMusicMusic MusicMusic ♪ I'm not a sir, I'm a little too thin ♪ ♪ I'm a little too thin, I'm a little too thin ♪ ♪ I'm a little too thin, I'm a little too thin ♪ ♪ I'm a little too thin, I'm a little too thin ♪ ♪ I'm a little too thin, I'm a little too thin ♪ ♪ I'm a little too thin, I'm a little too thin ♪ ♪ I'm a little too thin, I'm a little too thin ♪ (laughing)MUSICMUSIC Music Music MusicMUSIC ♪ He will just be He will to town ♪Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) How much to be a part of the talk to you with Net-hands and shent with the wind Don't I make a speech with Can I have a chance to do all the things What's the difference in life How much can I have a chance to do all the thingsMusic Music Singing in foreign language (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music In times, three new days, hidden hope.Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.COUGHINGinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir.silencesilence I don't know if I can get it right or not. I don't know if I can get it right or not. I don't know if I can get it right or not. I don't know if I can get it right or not. I don't know if I can get it right or not. I don't know if I can get it right or not. I don't know if I can get it right or not. I don't know if I can get it right or not. I don't know if I can get it right or not. I don't know if I can get it right or not. I don't know if I can get it right or not.silence I don't know where you're going to find out. Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm also a man on the laptop, so I need to use the internet to make sure I don't have to put it in the room, or I don't know, it's a better way to put it in the room, so I don't have to put it in the room. I'm not going to put it in the room.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and then I need a master of colour, and all the cells on all the cells spread in the cells. There you go, create a new type of game. We're going to reach out.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say.no audio Silence Silencesilenceclickingsilencesilence Silence Silencesilenceinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to start warming up. We're in the fitness room. We've got to do something. We're waiting for your warm-up. We're going to start warming up.Knocking on door (knocking on door) >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE Silence Silence Silence >> I hear you. Silence Silence and now you'll go over to the possibility of calling it.SilenceSilenceSilence >> And this is actually in our manifest. But, it's a little too late. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence So, we will accept that for the sake of our faith. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time.MusicMusicMusic We will see a bit of the tiles in each of the boxes. Come on up.MusicMusicSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence SilencePOPsilencetypinginaudible SilenceCLICKING Silence >> That's it, and you missed some sounds. Silenceinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So I'm stopping to let the test feel free to use here and just stay there while I'm doing it. So I'm going to let the test feel free to use here and just stay there while I'm doing it while I'm doing it. (door slams)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesniffingwhimperingsilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE But I'll be all right, I guess. Yeah, I'm still in the mood. I'm not in the mood, I'm not in the mood. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll see you in the next video. For the lights, I'll be showing you the upstairs. This is the 6th floor. The room is in the bedroom. I can see Doric. He was feeling moving when I saw him with his back, his back, his back. I was feeling a lot of fun, I was feeling a lot of fun. Silence SilenceSighsSighsSighsSighs You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, Silence Silence I'm going to tell you what my head is, but that's it, it's just that I'm going to have a head (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic I don't know if you can understand.Music Let's just down this. Let's just down this. You Let's just down this. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Ah, it was good. But... Was this... Next... You must know all the ideas we have learned from the past. That was learned, it's dangerous. But you must know that it was learned. That was new. I think that's it for now, and that's it.MUSIC SilenceMUSICMUSIC I don't know if you can see it, but it's not really a piece of paper. It's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, but it's not a piece of paper, I don't know if you can see it, but it's not really a piece of paper, but it's not really a piece of paper. This is Nishin Reag and I'm going to make a video about this.MUSICINAUDIBLE I'll see you in the next video. See you in the next video. Okay.SighsSighsSighssilencesilence Ah, it seems all is there, Blitz.MUSICSIGHS This is just off the top. Up. This is on this side. We're going to put this in the light side. That was not so schnell. I'm just going to slow down, and that's it so. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSICMUSIC So, it's time to answer it, but it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer it, it's time to answer itMUSICsilencesilence *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh Uhh... *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh *Sigh* *Sigh* This is Petroskutsch, Alvarun, Petroskutsch, Alvarun. This is Petroskutsch, Alvarun, and you must be there for a while. Silence Silence and and andPause I think I've not shined.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name, send your name I'm going to ask for a beer. I'm going to ask for a beer. So she's going to. I'm going to have to see the sides. I'm going to have to see the sides. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Yes, I can't remember the rest of the story, but I can't remember the rest of the story.Panting Silence I really hope that you learned that. The language is like...silencesilencesilence >>INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE In a mother's language, German is the way to understand it.PausePausesilence Oh, that was... That was... Oh, that was... Oh, that was... Silence Silence Okay. Okay. Okay.Silence Indians. and nothing for me like a cleaning for me Farts. Farts. Farts. Farts. Farts. Farts. Farts. Farts. Farts. Farts. Farts. Let's go up kind of upwards, let's see if we're able to do it. I'm going to do it on this time, that's the way it will be. The light, the light, the cool, the light, the cool. The light, the cool, the cool, the cool. The light, the cool, the cool.silence I'll sit down again. I'll sit down again. 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th This is more than 10. 6 years. 6 and then half a year. No, it's us. 6 and then half a year.silence It's fucking tiny again. Sheldon. (swoosh) (swoosh) She's a man, and yeah, I'm very much disappointed. Silence Silence Um. I'm not sure if I'm okay with this. I'm going to... ...see his herbs.silencesilence Okay, so now we're going to add a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Out with the X4, let's say, an halberstooler, the dutch. Sooner or later.silencesilenceno audio I'm so in there, by the way.silencesilenceXBOX SOUND My last shot is not really for the context. I cannot help it's too bad. I'm not going to do this.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So this is going to be... >>INAUDIBLEinaudible Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Okay, it's done. Okay, it's done.MusicMusicMusic This is the first time I've ever seen a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful It's wonderful, it's beautiful and fantastic. It's wonderful and beautiful. You can't go to... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the...speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language If you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can't go back to the house, you can Okay, when the college... When the college... Thanks for watching! I need to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to go to the top of the screen and I'm going to (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and he does.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilence And I had very to look all the way down, but I didn't look all the way down, but I was very tired.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE It's between you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You are a little bit pertinent, there's no limits of our tastes. I'm afraid you're telling me you're saying I'm going to come and meet you at the Shreds Show. It's called you said, you're going to come and meet me at the Shreds Show. It's called you said, you're going to come and meet me at the Shreds Show. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll make this and I'll make it with sync, I'll pull it to the left to make it sync, I'll just turn it around. push and pull the wrong and like this you you You can't do a lot of things in the rest of your life. You can do your own things in the rest of your life. You don't seem to like to set somebody in the wrong position in the rest of your life. in a tiny bit. Good, now I'll listen to this game right in the room. So several of them lights in the light and... Yeah, I'm in the right hand and... and I swear I fought for shame. So, the two of the round ends are the same, two main points, two main points, two main points. The first, the second, the third, the second, the third. So, the other end is the same, and we are in sign to be the wrong person for the still and the right sign. You've come to me to the wrong person, she's in by me and the falsen alles. The falsen sign to the wrong thing. That's what I'm saying. I don't know, the wrong move to make a wrong answer to this question, how can I handle it? How can I handle it? How can I handle it? How can I handle it? I would say 10 minutes, but I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, You can see a little bit of my art, and I can only see the next one. You're making a mistake, this is the end of this chapter, I have from the name of this chapter. If Erem is often by now, he goes through it, he has to be in my name until the Ehrtsch. If he has a name, then that's the end of this chapter. The earth is in my broiled earth. I have been in your earth, and here you see, you are mistaken. I am here. The side of the screen is in the bottom of the new screen, the parts are all wrong at this point. Here is the main screen, the main screen is in the bottom of the new screen, the main screen is in the bottom of the new screen. with saying "wonder" through the streets, through the streets, through the walls of the streets.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC Let's go to the left, we'll go to the right. So, I'm going to close the window. Silence >> We have a point here that I'm going to start with.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. It's normal though, if you're not on the spellboard you'll be in. If it's normal and you get normal in the cover, then rest on the spellboard, that's them, because I don't want to put same noise. and then on the small one then turn the neck. Thank you for watching. you Thank you. I'll probably miss you all a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but I'll miss you a little bit, but IsilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yesINAUDIBLE I'm going to open a window and read it. Word, what is key to my word? What is it I'm going to read? YouTube, I'm going to read it. That's the word, human or what.SighsSighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause PauseMusicINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (door slams) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)no audiono audiosilencesilence I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. Plus, first. I need to make a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close- a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up, a close-up,silenceclicking Okay. Shhh, I'll see you then.silencesighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence It's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's over, it's overinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected If it's just a cello there's no cello, then there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there's no cello, there If you were to sign the intelligence, you would have to sign it, and you would have to sign it. If you were to sign it, you would have to sign it. If you were to sign it, you would have to sign it. You would have to sign it. You would have to sign it. You would have to sign it. You would have to sign it. I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing, I don't know what to do with the drawing Yes, he is a huge fan of nature, he has been able to live long in, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he has been able to live with me, he hasMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic until you get to the lesson in the last lesson until you get to the lesson then I will look at the lesson in the next lesson in the next lesson in the next lesson (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) I'm going to show this in the other map. I'm going to show this in the other map. I'm going to show this in the other map. I'm going to show this in the other map. I'm going to show this in the other map. I'm going to show this in the other map. I'm going to show this in the other map. I'm going to show this in the other map. I'm going to show this in the other map. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You're next, darling.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Okay, okay, the side of the window, the window. (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) >> Today the steak and milk fell on the cones. I'm going to put it here in the space, not green or same as the cup, but we're coming to the next room.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence and the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of the panel is 8/10, the other side of theno audio I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan. I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan. I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan. I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan. I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan. I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan. I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan. I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan. I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan. I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan. I'm going to add a little bit of oil to the pan.Music You've got to work anyway. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorrySighsSighsSighsinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing)SIGHSsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesighsINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) Can you help someone else? No, no, no, I don't think I'm going to show you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> It's not all of the new content. (sniffing) (inaudible) (inaudible) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusicMusic >> No, we didn't take a chance. (sniffing) (sighs)PausePause So, I'm going to do the same.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence But in my absence, here's where the plants are often lost and the tank is on the wall, here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and here's where the soil is on the wall, and (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic cool. Expressing to your eye. This is, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if,MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic You missed it, nothing. Wow! I think it's not going to be a clever super-toler. I think you got the high science.Clock clicks (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)MUSICINAUDIBLE >> It's so amazing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm also a nice and lovely architect. I'm not sure if you know what I'm going to do next, but this is totally normal. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I feel like I didn't know so much more good and you need to move and eat it then and I'm also in a day like Marko that got naming me and it's not feeling pretty fair, personal, Confirmed, Confirmed. I feel agitated, agitated, agitated, and I'm watching the video and I'm talking about this cacao, which I can now watch it. I feel agitated. I feel agitated.inaudible (coughing) I'm just going to press the normal layer then, and then I'll draw here and then this. I'll leave that neat. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) And close to the end of the course.inaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Yeah. I'm sorry, Lincoln. I'm a little bit worse than you, but I'm not being a part of my own. So, the thing I do, yeah. So, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, Till you don't let me know, I'll be at Lincoln if you need me. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SIGHS (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) ♪ And I'm up ♪ (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilenceSOUNDINAUDIBLE Oh yeah, and if she was right here, I would have missed the last one or I would have missed it. Thank you very much. the scene doors are rolling, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're moving, they're Keep a real essence of the radio, the radio, the specific sound of the radio, the radio, the radio. So that's what takes us to show. We're going to make it look like we're going to do some more. We're going to do some more. Take cookie, cookie. All right. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesniffingsniffing (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Open on the way. Open on the way. I don't know what to start being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able (snaps fingers) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) What if the next time we are not seeing it? And I think it's pretty much all that stuff, right? I think it's all that stuff, right? I think it's all that stuff, right? I think it's all that stuff, right? I think it's all that stuff, right? I think it's all that stuff, right? I think it's all that stuff, right? I think it's all that stuff, right? I think it's all that stuff, right? I think it's all that stuff, right? I think it's all that stuff, right? I think it's all that stuff, right? I'm just going to give you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of And as I don't know, they're still south, so we're going to move another to some of the others in the area. We don't think we know where they're going to start to move, and as I don't know, they're still south, so we're going to move another to some of the areas that they're going to move. That doesn't matter, you know, I don't know if it's enough for you to work for it. Thank you very much for your time.Sigh Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm very not holding an uproar for the bull and meek stuff, but I say I'm close to the twart for... It's a ton of notes in this of the line. I'm going to have to forget that I don't have a mouse, and I'll be seeing my own problems. Plus, I'm okay, and I have to do my own thing. I don't have to do anything. (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudiblesighs I have a lot of work to do, excuse me.snifflessnifflessniffles (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected >> The deal almost, we've seen the regressor come to stop me. and I'll come this season with Sarah and Sarah and I'm gonna kill it and I'll just say it until you'll create something to me and Sarah and I'll kill you (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (sniffing)MUSICINAUDIBLE I don't know how to do it, but I feel like I'm going to let me clean it up on you. I'm going to see what I can do to show you. These are all my sounds, and these are all the different sounds you've got. These are all my sounds, and these are all my different sounds, and these are all my different sounds. These are all my different sounds, and these are all my different sounds, and these are all my different sounds. Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to start with the mini-barn. I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Oh, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that,MusicMusicMusicMUSICsilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence The machine is filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled in, it's filled Background Sounds Background Sounds (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audio I'll find out what's going to happen, and also, you know, like the other is the type of place on the same building to change the towers, but you still need to be able to do that, and there's Jake. We're going to need one. We're going to expose this. There we go, and then grounds. There are different numbers, they stay in the middle, but the building is not So, I'm going to do it for the left. I'm going to do the manual, the sector, all, and this, these two, green, green, and the outside, green and green, and also, it's like bug, you see. I'm going to ask you to pull. It's bad for that person. Background noise Blast on the event. I did not think it comes with respect to my previous buildings. Thank you very much. So, therefore, learn from this, this came off.inaudible and like, don't forget to see what you want, that's it, don't forget, hope you're around hope you're doing well. I'm going to show you a couple of builds that you can use to release the build. We'll evolve to this definition. We'll leverage new files to use this term. We'll use this term to use this term to use this term to use this term to use this term. a fascial or low temperature. Today, we're almost back all buildings must have anything. These are things that are primary times sleep, bargain, ease, and love, and corporates, and then we run. Silence I'm going to carry the money. What am I going to do next? I'm going to carry the money. I'm going to carry the money. Also one, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there is a page, there I'm going to start with 80s.no speech detected It's in the end. You can read 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, And it will work, and it gets, and it will work. I'm going to start with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit ofinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Let's do my own first block. You know? Thanks. The architects. They're going to be the team. Good evening.no speech detected version 8, but also a lot of different groups, of course, in the two talents, there's some ready for us, guys, both ready to turn around and cut the buttons.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence That's the difference. That's the difference, that's the difference.no speech detected and then I look up to him. Hey, if you make such a strong and if you can stillno speech detected exterior with this also supports the wrong building. Well, that we think. Yeah. So. So. So. So. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause It's not a whole bunch of kills in Golden Rivers. We have one more couple of words. It's another must of the bridge. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Pause Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighs (speaking in foreign language) *sniff* *sniff* No, no, that's not helpful. That's also because you're using the kosher, though. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. That's because you're using the kosher, you're using the soli, the lii, the ting, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the lii, the *sniff* Thank you for watching. I don't know what you're talking about, I shouldn't have ever taken up from you, I don't know what you're talking about. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEsighssighssighssighssighsindistinct chatterindistinct chatterindistinct chatterindistinct chatterindistinct chatterindistinct chatter (clanking) (clanking) (clanking) (clanking) (clanking) (sniffing)silencesniffingsilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSICSOUND And then we'll work on the other hand.MUSIC >>INAUDIBLEMUSIC Yeah, I'll pause the resorting. Yeah, I'll pause the resorting. Yeah, I'll pause the resorting. Yeah, I'll pause the resorting. Yeah, I'll pause the resorting. Yeah, I'll pause the resorting. Yeah, I'll pause the resorting. Yeah, I'll pause the resorting. Yeah, I'll pause the resorting. Yeah, I'll pause the resorting. Yeah, I'll pause the resorting. This is what I did a long time ago.silencesilence You know that I'm not cool enough. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (knocking on door) (speaking in foreign language) Okay, now let's...Clock tickingClock ticking (knocking on door) (clicking) - I'm gonna show you how to flip this out. (clicking)silence and we are going to be able to ask for a moment to be allowed to. I'm so sorry. Yeah, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, Yeah, I'm so sorry.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Good night, I got an ambulance, it's a good day, a good couple, and they were not. This faired-in ditching, good, and you must be nice.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected So if you like me, then we have a really good colors for that, and I'd like to hold Now that people are no cowards. This could be what's right, I'll have shit in here to play with you guys. This could go on. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silence And then we can try to jump on this feeling alright. I don't see what the country will be, any city will start either, so I'm going to go out. I can't concentrate on the end of the end of the end of the end. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* If you want to be on my way to God, I'm going to be a member of your family, I'm going to be a member of your family, I'm going to be a member of your family, I'm going to beinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLESighs Hmm. What do you think it's supposed to be?SighsSighsMUSIC >> No, you're the staff. I'll fix from Dr. Fjell in the middle of the keyboard. Thanks for watching. You Thanks for watching. I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to add a new one, I'm going to start with a little bit of a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start with a new shape, I'm going to start withINAUDIBLEMusicMusicMusicsilencesilence The techniques I like to do is use any of those. We don't like school, we don't like it. We don't like to do school.inaudible Silence Silenceinaudible Yes, the afterlife bit. Start in a bit because you need to be stressed out. But in all of that time, though, you need to be safe, and then start to put a commence in a two of these. Forever in trouble. Forever in this environment. The most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful place, the most beautiful placeSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilence I'm gonna let my face useINAUDIBLE Going out, we're not going to dance, what's up? Simple, rolling. Go south, follow me. Silence Silence and I see that you were talking about what was the name in the ASU, where I was coming from. I was talking about the name of the student 15 minutes, and the ASU man I have to note is from India's Blues. So I'm going to leave the list to the assistant and I will not be paid to the next one. I'm not on the comment box. I still know that I'm not on the comment box. I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I don't know if you know what I'm saying. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Yes, we have a little bit of time left next to me. Yes, we have a little bit of time left next to me. Thank you very much. So, I'll turn my phone on. So, I'll turn my phone on. (sniffing) I think it's a good thing that this will happen if you don't like the rest of the time. Have a good one, fine. Have a good one, fine. Have a good one, fine. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to do a little bit more of this, and I'm going to do a little bit more of this and I'm going to do a little bit more of this and I'm going to do a little bit more of this I'm going to go back to the last step. I'm going to go this way. I'm going to go this way. I'm going to go this way. I'm not going to question. I'm not going to question. I'm not going to question. I'm not going to question. I'm not going to question. I'm not going to question. I'm not going to question. I'm not going to question. (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceXBOX SOUNDsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) I'm going to get a phone case, but I'll talk about it in a minute. I'm going to use a couple more of them. Needs more, see. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (sighs) (clicking) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusic Silence One. Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So here I installed up any paper with that help that persons and loud plants and well. Now I'm going to be a paper person and I'm going to let them leave it in the plants. Now I just have to go pass it for a code correct. Now I'll just move the... I don't know, maybe. I'm going to have to move it. I'm going to move it, and I'm off to taking a vehicle in the parts and by the way I'm going to have the parts of the slaviness here in the Corp in Berlin. I'm going to do an amount of cement and then I'm going to do the meridump. The meridump, the southern axle on to the open meridump, which I'm going to do. I'm going to do the meridump. I'm going to ask, be a dinner, a bell drum and 12 points or so on, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm I'm going to turn it in and it's what's in here. There's something I like to turn in and turn in. Thank you.SighsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE SilenceSilenceSilenceno speech detected Like a medium male, when you're not American, you can just turn your old corner with me old corner. There's yet me it takes well-ending time when you're not American, but want to call me a little bit for some time. I'm going to go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the right and then go to the Pause PauseMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) just a basting of those and then go to my shop and get the carpet from I'll post some of the cost on the card cost on the Hingshastic Islands and I'll show you anything else in the video that I did not make This will be a great day that you all have Then there are three sets of those from all of them in Bali I'm going to cut that actually into the seat. You're going to bend your feet to the back of the knee. I'm going to cut this side of the seat. I'm going to cut this side of the seat. I'm going to cut this side of the seat. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. Thank you very much for your time and I'll be back with another video. Thank you very much for watching.Music Next in Indonesia, next in Finland.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (knocking on door) These are the last ones. There's other ones. You actually should fit in the system. You should switch, you know, to a little bit more, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have to, you don't have You actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually should fit in the system, you actually shouldno speech detectedno speech detectedPause Come on, go and put some tape.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Background Sounds Background SoundsFOREIGN That is also the second year of the year, as well. The 8th video is about to start, which is also the first time I've ever heard of it, and I'm sure you've already heard it, because it's all about the first year of the year, and I'm sure you've already heard it, because it's all about the first year of the year, and I'm sure you've already heard it, because it's all about the first year of the year, and I'm sure you've already heard it, because it's all about the first year of the year, and I'm sure you've already heard it, because it's all about the first year of the year, and I'm sure you've already heard it, because it's all about the first year of the year, and I'm sure you've already heard it, because it's all about the first year of the year.MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Music Music (laughing) Music Music Music Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I want to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And I'm forcing you, I'll play it as best of all of you, see you in my next video. Bye-bye, dear Beth Heardys! Now, say your song for your fond memories! Take more than 5,000 euros! Oh, dear! You must be all in, so that it will not be too late. Oh, so you, Panandris, have you seen that the blondes are already asleep? If you don't remember, do you think you're going to eat me? Do you think you're going to eat me? Do you think you're going to eat me? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think I'll go sing a few songs that we'll be able to hear in the next episode. I'm sure you'll be able to watch them for me. It's a shame business.MUSIC MusicMusicMusic ♪ And clearly the bad vibes that I've been waiting for ♪ ♪ And I'm waiting to say that I'm looking for you ♪ ♪ And I'm waiting on the beach, right ♪ ♪ And I'm trying to get to the top of it ♪ ♪ And I'm either in a hot bed ♪Music ♪ That's what's been said to me ♪ ♪ I felt more than a smile and a smile ♪ ♪ And you're a little just in front of me ♪ ♪ It's all right, I've been in it ♪ ♪ You'll see, I've been in it ♪ ♪ I've been in it ♪ Music MusicMusic ♪ Shoot, it's just you and me ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, ♪ Shoot, it's just you and me ♪ Music Music We'll have to finish the show, because we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be looking at in the evening. We'll be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we're going to be a little bit more busy than we I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it again, but I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it again, but I'm not going to be able to do it again. But they have all the things they can do, and that they have done a lot of work in the market. They have done a lot of work in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market, in the market So, what do you think about the case of Antwerp? I was a little worried about what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were going to do and what we were I think that's not the case in the past, but it was a sort of a dream, and I think that this is a dream, in the light of all-special knowledge of art. (speaking in foreign language) I think it was a team, a staff, and in the middle of the project, you can see that there are not all kinds of places in the world, but in the world of the world, I don't know what to do. So I can think of a machine, a computer, a computer, and that it's exactly the same number as in the 50s. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Background Sounds (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MusicMusicMusic SilenceMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language)Music I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't Pause Silence Silence I don't know if I'm going to be on the stairs or the dollar or not. I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I'm going to go for a short break, I Man, it almost sounds good. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) andsilenceinaudiblesilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Now I clear that all settings are in the right-handed mode. It is all that's mentioned in the channel, you'll be able to fill in the menu. and we're still still in the court. I just want to wrap it up on the kids on the street. I'm going to mention the talker coming up. I'm going to use my microphone. I'm going to use my bread. I'm just going to use my bread. I'm going to use my bread. You're going to tell me the rest of this.silence So, what I'm going to say is that we are going to have a lot of fun with this video. So, what I'm going to say is that we are going to have a lot of fun with this video. So, what I'm going to say is that we are going to have a lot of fun with this video. So, what I'm going to say is that we are going to have a lot of fun with this video. to the board cap, roll around into the round, and balance this round, and roll around it, all around it, so it's going to trade on with all around it, and push it. Well, let's just start with 20, let's count them. Okay, let's try.silencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I managed to blow the acrylic. I think it should have been a blow. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it.silenceinaudiblesilence Yeah, I must have not heard that.silencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (door slams) (gasps) (door slams) (door slams) It's a danger, but it's a motivation thing. I'll see you in the next one. Bye bye. I'll see you in the next one. Bye bye. Bye bye. I'll see you in the next one. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye.silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible This sentence is written for airs that comes near this sentence, it's going to be sent in a name. Thank you for your time, thank you. Silence SilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Those are the reason why I'm here. You know what I'm saying? I'm going to do all this. Create something. Call me. You are the month. Here we go. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Silence (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence There has to be a lot of inserts where you're supposed to fit it all in line because otherwise it's going to be possible to fill the whole incredible, incredible, incredible...