[00:00:01.11] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio (door slams) Oh. Oh. What's the difference? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.no audio Yeah, I'm going to let this go.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence SilencePausePausePausePause (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (mouse clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilenceinaudibleINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no audiono audio Silence Silence I'm here to talk about my last color service. Well, I can't get any more of this. I'm here to talk about my last color service.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking)silencesilence I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next level, I'm not going to go to the next levelsilencesilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You can shot here, you can use it, you're not going to activate it on your small, low release, you're not going to hit it. Yeah. You can move.silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Inaudible Remark SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Silence >> There we go. Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence >> Speaking in foreign language I don't know if I can get it right now, but I'm going to get it right now, so I'm going Silence Silence I'm going to use the other name, the sound, the connection, the CPU. and Silence Silence So, the first one we have actually done in the last step is to sit at 3C. Silence Silence Now she works here with the download and it's up to you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Now I'm going to start to get a little bit of the download. I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say I'm going to have to say ISilenceSilenceinaudible I'm going to turn it down a little bit, please. I'm going to turn it down. I'm going to turn it down a little bit. I'm going to turn it down a little bit. I'm going to turn it down a little bit. I'm going to turn it down a little bit. I'm going to turn it down a little bit. I'm going to turn it down a little bit. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to use this to see if I can see the plane's plane. I'm going to show you the plane's plane. Pause Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm not going to get on to these arm, I'm not going to be expecting these here or two. I'm going to get a little sick, I'm going to get the length soaring, just a little height to the tip, and I didn't know it was my color, no, no, it's... I'm going to try to make it look like I'm going to be in the middle of the video. I'm going to try to make it look like I'm going to be in the middle of the video. I'm going to try to make it look like I'm going to be in the middle of the video. I'm going to try to make it look like I'm going to be in the middle of the video. I'm going to try to make it look like I'm going to be in the middle of the video. I'm going to try to make it look like I'm going to be in the middle of the video. Silence Silence Silence I have to ask you all to answer your questions. So, I would like to ask you all to answer your questions. I would like to ask you all to answer your questions.INAUDIBLEsilenceinaudible Silence Silence I'm going to add a little bit of the other end to get a little bit of the other end. I'm going to add a little bit of the other end. I'm going to go back to the next one. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no speech detectedINAUDIBLE I don't know how to do it. I don't know if I should use it. I don't know if I should use it. I don't know if I should use it. I don't know if I should use it. I don't know if I should use it. I don't know if I should use it. I don't know if I should use it. So, I'm going to show you how to do this. So, I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. >>INAUDIBLE So, we're going to, like I mentioned, it's about the last time in a while. So, we're going to, like, see if we'll be able to, you know, we're going to be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, see if we'll be able to, like, show you what we're going to do. I don't know if you can tell me what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about. I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you what you're talking about, I'm just trying to tell you I don't know if you can tell me what you're talking about. You don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don't have to do anything, you don'tMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible and I'm gonna shut the teeth down. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. There's another scene that I don't feel like it's fun. So, you know, best of all, you know, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all, best of all just to let me just out there and then we'll take this out now, did I not expose my own or does that exist anymore? to be able to see that I'm in a smaller, (speaking in a foreign language) (sighs) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) But, well, I'm just going to pass you my dead end and I'm going to switch from there Okay, so I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've been there, I've to the other side of the building. I'm going to have to tell them this. I'm going to have to tell them this. I'm going to have to tell them this.INAUDIBLE (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do now, but I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do now.silencesilence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm just going to talk to you in my mind about this, ready? I'm going to start stepping on this tape, and you're going to be able to do well, you missed it. I'm just going to start stepping on this tape. >> Wow, God, what a state of mind. I don't know what I'm going to do here, I'm going to go up by the wrong way. I'll see you in the next video. No, no, I'm going to go up. I'll just cut this out. Yeah, okay, I'm going to stay here and then you'll see that. I'm just going to go up by the wrong way. Yeah, I'm going to go up by the wrong way. Yeah, I'm going to go up by the wrong way. Yeah, I'm going to go up by the wrong way. Yeah, I'm going to go up by the wrong way. Yeah, I'm going to go up by the wrong way. Yeah, I'm going to go up by the wrong way. Yeah, I'm going to go up by the wrong way.silencesilence Go up here, just a part of the map here, and I'm going to build a small circle here, and I'm going to have to do a little bit of the back down to the left, and I'm going to have to do a little bit of the back down to the left. I'm going to have to do a little bit of the back down to the left, and I'm going to have to do a little bit of the back down to the left, and I'm going to have to do a little bit of the back down to the left. I'll put it in my room for two hours early in the morning and there's some of them I'll put it in my room for two hours early in the morning and there's some of them Silenceinaudible I don't know if I'll cause a lot of damage. I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage, but I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage. I don't know if I'll get a lot of damage. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, I'm done with my hair then, I think it's time for my video to end, if you are interested in my video, please subscribe to my channel, I will see you in the next video. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) If you could listen to the same Mafias decast, or the sales each of them are much more like passiveness, not as new band-assists, one, three, or two or three companies that are still going up to this thing, then the other head can't be mature to see it. If you can't read it, it's snowing. Also, it's raining, it's raining. So... I don't know if you can read it. I don't know if you can read it. I don't know if you can read it. I don't know if you can read it. I don't know if you can read it. I don't know if you can read it. I don't know if you can read it. Background noise Background noise I'm listening to the radio from here. I can just take them on my father on the left, Europe. Yes. (silence) (silence) (silence) Pause Inaudible Remark and then set them up and all the bunnies on the floor. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I'm not going to let you know. I'm not going to let you know. I don't know if it's a bit of a mess. I don't know if it's a bit of a mess. I don't know if it's a bit of a mess. I don't know if it's a bit of a mess. I don't know if it's a bit of a mess. I don't know if it's a bit of a mess. I don't know if it's a bit of a mess. I don't know if it's a bit of a mess.no speech detectedno speech detectedsilence I'm going to put the initial knowledge of the core to the knowledge of the new details. Nostrader the crank, we don't need that joke.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, that's the conclusion of what's all the other end of this thing now, and all of them. This is what we'll best do in the daily condition, very much in the daily, so there's normal condition, but there is very strong motivation in the state and it's a lot. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what to do with this. I'm going to be a little bit more sure that I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Thank you for watching. Background Sounds Background Sounds I can't say I'm doing it in the stage of a little bit, but I'm sorry, I might seem to do it. I can't say I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. That makes sense, but I'm sorry. No.silence So, I think it's going to be a little bit more urgent. It's simple. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to get it.PausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilence >> We're just going to switch this. Background noise Background noise Silence Silence I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about, I don'tsilence Okay, done, let's do it. and then we'll move to the next one.silence I'm going to try to do it. I'm going to play some of the most interesting stuff. The most interesting thing. I'm going to try to do it again. I have a dear wish I can come to see you tonight. I wanna love you, dear, as long as I'm with you.SighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence That's how I'm using it today, why is that wrong? It's very wrong. Sometimes it's a bit weird to... ...to be fair to anyone. Okay, now we can see. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silence (indistinct) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesniffingsilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audioINAUDIBLEsilence Not a lick.silencesilence