[00:00:30.00] OneOdio FM1:	(knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no audiono audio Of course, the only thing we realize is that we have a lot to do with this.MusicMusicMusic You don't have to believe it, you don't have to even want to understand it or you don't understand it. You know this panel. It says no explanation. Except any explanation that I give you. No, I don't need your phrase. You know I'm right. Keep on being terribly a star, but you know you're wrong, but you know what I love to eat. Everybody knows that nobody wants to accept it because it's felt too. Let's think it down, and we're not okay. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to make it a forward friend. Oh, I know it's time to wash my hands. and and and I think the homosexual cannot murder you. You don't have my text. We'll see you in the next video. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you. Thank you for watching. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for watching. just really useful to be able to announce in this case the call because someone else didn't know that I'm going to sleep. I love that you always really thought.silence No, have it seen, and all of the problems is a little bit of damage. It's good. and then you need a doctor. So... So... So you should take me to the chair and then you'll see.silencesilence So you can say how it's going to be, I'm doing this so I don't have to go to that again, and then you can say how it's going to be. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) because nobody has evidence. Now, a conference you have besides your I feel better, still bullied. your vibrates against myself so I can not help myself expect and then I can abuse myself and others at the same time. Wow, wow, wow, super nice.Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) We'll show a gate out, I'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll show a gate out, you'll Well, everything but different. You think I am a 18-year-old, and you don't call myself? I think everybody has knowledge of. Do you know of something? (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence You know, you'll kind of do this. Yes. Pay your bill. If that is one of the days to shift.Pause And that's the new example of this.PausePausePausePausePausePause 20 to explain in detail, we can learn 20tp for a point of view. By the last piece we've seen, you already know how to pronounce it real. You know we need to have something that they need to say to us about this. Silence Silence I don't know where I guess I'm going to have to leave this escape, I'm going to get this escape, I'm going to get this escape, I'm going to get this escape, I'm going to get this I don't think I'm going to be able to do it. Taste things in my stomach. (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, the name, I'm sure there are many coming in. You can see all the filming. You can do that. Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Can you hear me?silence It's true that when they end up in the mess. You know what you just said boys for the life? You can be the most beautiful ever and non-existing dimension reality in which after you've destroyed all beauty and probably killed every human being ever, then you will then invent a new structure of thoughts like language or visible, non-visible radio active. photos where you will be beautiful. No one else. Do you understand what you're saying with the meaning of this? How ugly my human being can self you really are? Oh you never actually did anything. About this? Thanks. Thank you for watching. Thanks for watching. Thank you for watching. I'm not getting around to any of them, but still be in the sun, but I haven't arrived. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silencesilenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilence We should have heard seven people do not live in the jungle, they don't need to leave the team, they don't need to leave the team, we should have heard seven people. and then I'm going to show you how to do it in the similarities. Right. Can it be similar to this? Similar to that of a biopinative, non-linear. There is no feeling that the part of the book is not being honest. In case there is any sign on the book, I will put it in the panel.silenceinaudible So, I'm starting to move this. Just need to. So, I'm starting to move this. So, I'm starting to move this. Silence Silenceno audio Not too cut out, I think. That's not all right, I gotta look down. Me, me, me, I can't mix. Okay, that's good.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Turn it over here. Turn it over here. Turn it over here. Turn it over here. Turn it over here. Turn it over here. Turn it over here. Turn it over here. Turn it over here.silencesilencesilencesilence (sighs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles)MUSICMUSICINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE and as always, get a new creature done.MusicMusicMusic The other key is the connection. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You're in the best town in the same room now. You have to buy a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. There's a room in the next room. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Yes.inaudible You know what I mean? If I'm sort of virgin, it's moving. Yes. Everybody knows this in the whole galaxy and beyond. Because there's more than one. Galaxy, apparently in multiverse, if you talk about Galaxy, let's go up to the new ball and now, TV version is not an empty and not that small, there's also at the end. Let's go up to the new ball. So what do you have to do? We should think about all this my nights.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You cannot be dealt up. It's been different since this one.Clock tickingClock ticking (tap clicking) (tap clicking) (tap clicking) (tap clicking) (tap clicking) (tap clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Music (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) SilenceINAUDIBLEno audiono audiono speech detected Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)