[00:00:20.00] OneOdio FM1:	(speaking in foreign language)silence I don't want to get up to 10 to like a ton of them, I'm not going to stick my one foot on my knee, I'm going to push it. I'm going to put it in the middle.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Nice, I can't move. 6th and the long run. 6th and the long run. I must have worked with my hands and you look up to see the trouble. I think I said the end of the trouble. I must have done that. They said what? What's going on? I don't think I'm going to come. I have a combo. That's it. I don't know if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I'm gonna film the capot of this, but I can't. I'm not gonna do anything else. Let's see. I'm gonna have to go back to the other side. (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And I'll toss and send. Okay. >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) And now I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water. Now I'll start to add a little bit of water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to Yeah, I'll sit on the panel deck and I'll just put the new internet up on the table. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You can still hold on. Yeah, that's it. Thank you. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePause They're not going to be able to do that. with the social media and the stuff that's made, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to do something that's not normal, but that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to do something that's not real, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to do something that's real, that's what I'm going to do. That's what I'm going to do. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) the the (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I've had to change, but they're not too late, so they're not going to be able to do it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Bitcoin paper Bitcoin paper Bitcoin paper Bitcoin paper Bitcoin paper I'm not allowed to do it with the Bitcoin paper Bitcoin paper paper 30 distilled I would myself To my mother's ears the board went up and up and up and up, can't see all the way, but I'm going to move out to see the other way. I need a nice little color. I need a nice little bit of a new accessories. Wow, I'm blowing. I need a photo to leave it on. So I'm going to put it on the top of my mouth. But it's good. What's that? No, no, I'm not. So I'm going to put it on the top of my mouth and then I'm going to put it on the top of my mouth. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I can't put it in a bit too multi-alsty in the other side, I've all been in the packaging. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on?SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs That's the mafia, it's just a list, but it might not be the same as the rest, it might. (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to put it on the bottom of the box. I'm going to put it on the bottom of the box. I'm going to put it on the bottom of the box. I'm going to put it on the bottom of the box. I'm going to put it on the bottom of the box. I'm going to put it on the bottom of the box. I'm going to put it on the bottom of the box. I don't know if it's going to work, if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't know if it's going to work, I don't (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know if you can see it, but it's a little bit too much, so I'm going to try to get it right. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a little bit too much, but it's a little bit too much, so I'm going to try to get it right. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a little bit too much, so I'm going to try to get it right.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible I don't know what to do with my hair. I'm just going to clean it up. I'm just going to clean it up. I don't know what to do with my hair. I don't know what to do with my hair. I don't know what to do with my hair. I don't know what to do with my hair. I'm not giving it any more time. I'm going to show you guys... I'm going to show you guys... I'm going to show you guys... I'm going to show you guys... I can't handle all the colors, but I can't. Move. On both sides. I can't handle all the colors. I can't handle all the colors. I can't handle all the colors. I can't handle all the colors. I can't handle all the colors. (keyboard clicking)silencespeaking in foreign language Can't do you can't save? Can't do you can't save? Can't do you can't save? Can't do you can't save? Can't do you can't save? Can't do you can't save? Can't do you can't save? Can't do you can't save? Can't do you can't save? I'm going to go to the other side of the door and check it out. I guess. I think it's just a bomb on the bottom of the door. It's a deep wound. We've got tests that I should worry about the other big tests. So we're not following the beam. So I'm so worried. I'm really shaking. I'm really shaking out. I'm really shaking out. (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I can also start off by doing a Q&A, I can come up through it, I can also mark it, I'll just finish it with a little bit more of a bit more of a bit more of a bit more of a Oh, this is so hot.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePantingPantingPantingSilence I'm gonna suffocate all the way right here. I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one, I'm going to zoom in on this one I think it was not really good, I think it was really good. I have to run in a data, 400 contacts, 100,000, and I think they were abroad. So I will take all of the other contacts, but I will not leave them. I have to leave them. I think that's why I'm a little bit more in love with you, but I'm a little bit more in love with you. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. You know what I told you, but that's what I was about to do next. also to make them, but then any further. I think that's it. I think I'll put the name to those nice folks. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Well, well, I'll just come up with the end up. Austin Corbohale. That's just a hellsick man. I'm just stressed out about that, do you know what I'm doing? I'm going to call you now, I'm going to run myself, I'm going to put it up. I'll start further in a minute.silence I think that you have a lot to do with this, especially if you have a lot to do with this. to the right side, where I do the arched part. They are almost ready, and we are going to do that with full-time work, and that's why I want to walk away from the leadership of the contest. The contest is going to take place. So the short thing is that you have to do something. that is now the use of this, there are a lot of things that are not going to happen. So, if you want to stay here for a while, then... you you Maybe we should go up as soon as we get things out of the pan, then we'll go to the oven. Maybe we should go to the oven. We'll go to the oven. I'm going to see in your skillet, I'm going to help with that. I'm going to add the data to the data and then add a little bit of the data to the data and then add a little bit of the data to the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little bit of the data and then add a little I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. I'm going to put it back to the floor. So that's it. You don't want to leave me, that's blood for me.INAUDIBLE I think that one is... Michael's cross-finger, does he film too now? Yeah, I think so. I think that's really just a cut in the turn-on. *sniff* *sniff* Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Silence Silence I'll close up the mode, I'll smooth the copy of the mask, to the ulti-sommet, I'll get a Cosmos copy of the mode, to the ulti-sommet, to the ulti-sommet, to the ulti-sommet, to the Talks like we're replacing this. I'm going to put it in the middle of the new window, I'm going to put it in the middle of the window. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. So, yeah, man, I don't like that. I think we'll fucking be in the next video, but... *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh*INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE better flips and last snowmobile, cost part, better flips and all that you put in it and it was the hardest one, but my cut was not sliding in it cutting was not sliding in it cut, we could have only told it to edge, or we could have done one over and over We'll see in the door, door still. We'll have to go in the door, and then we'll go to the puppy morning corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner (speaking in foreign language) (clicking)PausePausePausePausePause the (sniffing)INAUDIBLE We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. We'll try to avoid. I'm going to use a mini-ball Spartans on the station, so you don't have to worry about it. In benefits, you can look at the wall.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE And finally, the next one is the "Dirtieriat Lichrosnip" "Bluis" (mouse clicks) - Yeah, that's one of them. (mouse clicks) (mouse clicks) (mouse clicks) (mouse clicks) (mouse clicks) Oh, at week the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the Pause Inaudible Remarksilencesniffsilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Thank you very much. I don't think you need any good details for me. I don't think you need any good details for me. You I don't think you need any good details for me. >> One and a half cups of beer. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) What? Niii! Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? Where are we? >>LAUGHno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedMusic Pause One. Welcome here, Alan. Thanks for having me. You YouMusic Boris? That's big ledel, but it really can't say how to do it. I don't think I can do anything. I can't do anything, but I'm all mine. I don't know if I can do anything.no audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence Pause Pause Silence >>INAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Silence Silence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (grunts) (grunts) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (mimicking) (groaning) (groaning) (coughs) Why do they think that she says... Oh! (coughing) (groaning) Oh! (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSICMUSIC I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or not, I don't know if I can get it right or (sighs) (sighs) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) What? What? You can't see the light. You can't see the light. You can't see the light. (speaking in a foreign language) (grunting) (door opens) (door opens) (gasps) (door opens) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> Aha. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGING (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesniffingsilencesilencesilence My God.silencesilence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)silencesilence (keyboard clicking) >>INAUDIBLE (laughs) (laughs) (humming) (humming) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Inaudible Remark (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (laughing)Buzzing soundBuzzing soundBuzzing soundBuzzing sound I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I don't know if you're going to see a lot of people. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (gasps) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) (singing in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiono audiono speech detectedCOUGHCOUGHCOUGH Yeah Ta-da! Thank you You You You You You You (coughing) (laughing) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedSOUNDSOUNDSOUND I'm going to add some more trouble.Music I don't know what I'm doing. (laughing) Oh, you got the remote here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here, put it here (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)SOUND >> Thanks.silencesilence Thank you very much. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. (cow mooing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> All right. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedFOREIGNno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohMUSIC >>INAUDIBLE >> Thank you. >> Hello, I look to the chorus of the song.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Come on.MUSIC PLAYINGSNIFFINGSNIFFINGSNIFFINGSNIFFING I'm going to get a little bit of a lot of stuff on my lips. That stuff is on me, I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of SilenceINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Pause Pause (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Silence Wow! Thank you for watching! Thank you for watching! (camera clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected and the middle of the last one. Okay. Mission. This is butadorean. Very early. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Silence Silence is that you don't have to write down any just source for your source. Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence SilenceSOUND (knocking on door) I'll take some more keys. You need more. You need more. I've been working in the world for a long time, I've been a kid, I've been a little bit more than I've ever seen. I've been a little bit more than I've seen, I've been a little bit more than I've seen. I've been working in the world for a long time, I've been working in the world for a long time, I've been working in the world for a long time. Pause Inaudible Remark I'm going to go on the spot. I was going to stay in the plane, but I'm going to go.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So it's going to be... I need 50,000 euros to try to continue this in the year. Silence I was turning me to have continuous Open channels to somebody who does not share much of the or you being enemies use. That's what I ask. Keep the dial going. Figure out how it can be constructed.no speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence (banging) (banging) (banging) (banging) (banging) Background Sounds (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I don't know, I don't really plan to be okay, I haven't been okay in a very long time, and after this, I want to do this. Still part of the same reason. Same blah blah blah blah blah, because you are not doing anything to me. That's not even possible. Thank you for watching. *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh*SighsSighs And let's see.Sighssilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I can't agree with you, I'm sorry, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with you, I can't agree with I have this kind of chat chat is really not just making all of you feel so complacent and not in the sun. Feel the sense of urgency please. don't run away from it, don't check for your self for your self we don't have to let me see where I have to Okay?SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Oh, no, there's a one that you absolutely don't want to go to the wall. Essentially, that is where you come from. I don't even know how to cut the other body. I don't even know how to cut the other body. (sniffing) Besides, if you really want to play my music, this is a different magic, man. My role in this can all be in life. Pause PauseSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Just trying to understand and do the right thing. I'm going to put it in my seat, no sauce on my trip. Thank you very much. you I'm going to put it in my seat.silencesniffingsilencesilencesilence You think more and less people will die, the battle of the Bolshean Jarlins, Bostani and Bostinac? Do you know how to do it for others? We can do it. Chocolate bars, with the stuff that we met, the death of the music. So, this one, no, so, okay, first, I'll get it, I'll get it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, our plan is to get the information out of this, the people have it, and there's and to switch to. Technology is already there. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I just gave what I see in terms of behavior and make sense of the matches with other events. I gave it a day and it will just be able to explain the thing I did teach you again. It's strong, it's strong, but it's just an insight that I think is much shared from now. You need to be able to understand how correct you will wear all of the action in the last disparity of decision. I will help out what's better than it, and it was at the moment, the boy launched the global destruction. Probably yes. There is no good reason to select the organized corruption just because the system needs to have a minimum amount of corruption. Don't do that. That's the way there's no uncertainty without corruption just by trying to do new stuff. So what you're saying is you want corruption because you don't want to try any stuff, you don't want change. You want stagnation and deflation and going downhill forever. Well, in the end there's nothing more left. Better put the system there that is... innovative. I use all resources seen, those we haven't really found with ourselves. To get this constant growth, economy, prosperity, whatever we can do with our minds and knowledge, just grow. Don't just become smaller. Don't just shrink your mind. Pause (keyboard clicking)