[00:06:10.13] OneOdio FM1:	PausePause First instrument without its trust is hard to be authentic to have. Tell them to still show me your tears, tell them who they're going to be, and if I was a tingling, you'd have to bear me. Well, it's an only bullshit somewhere in the other place. (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) Silence SilenceMUSIC (upbeat music) Music Music >> Good times, great music. Music (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MUSIC Music Music MusicMUSICMUSICMUSIC Music Music Music MusicMusic Hey, this is Joe. News from L.U. for the Advent. We are looking for incidents like this, but if you look at the official festival, you can't see it. We can't see it, it's the jury show. We are looking at the points of the actual jury in the final. What is the action of the jury? I think that the judges are the judges of the second half of the final. We are looking for incidents like this, which we are looking for. Physics has been followed. The time has come to an end. Tomorrow evening, you will find a big final place. It is not sure if you will participate in the final. There is a certain case, in Saint Petersburg, in Busslat, certain seven people have been born. The victims of the Western country are in a row. The Russians are under two passes. If you want to get out of the food, you can find the end of the video at the site. So, if you are on the back, you have to control your stuff. Why is it not working? And it's now officially, and what we are doing next is going to be doing a lot of research. You will find yourself in a video board shop on social media. As in 2017, we have a report on this report, which is not yet out of reach. We will be left with the report on Real Madrid. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. The report is on 25th. It's not over new age enough, it is too old to help our team.MusicMUSIC ♪ And it's the same death of the hands ♪ ♪ And the same living sheep ♪ ♪ And the dogs and crows ♪ ♪ And the cows and the cows and the cows ♪ ♪ What? ♪ ♪ The beautiful, untidy wolf ♪ ♪ Where do you want to start the ferns in the morning ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMusicMusic Music Music Singing Music ♪ Can't you stay on TV with you? ♪ ♪ Can't you stay on TV with you? ♪ ♪ Can't you stay on TV with you? ♪ ♪ Can't you stay on TV with you? ♪ ♪ Can't you stay on TV with you? ♪ ♪ Can't you stay on TV with you? ♪ ♪ Can't you stay on TV with you? ♪MusicMusic Music Musicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected MusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMusicMUSIC (laughing) Music MusicMUSIC Music This is church. I hope so, please.MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) I've been here enough to swear to God to be a good man. That is a blessing. I've been saying, that is a blessing. So, 1, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3 I've been here enough to swear to God to be a good man.MusicMusic Music MusicMusicMusicMUSIC ♪ Until we meet again ♪ ♪ This isn't your day ♪ ♪ We will come today ♪ ♪ We will find for you ♪ ♪ For the living and the strange things ♪ ♪ I need you ♪ ♪ When you stop ♪MUSIC ♪ And nothing's a pain ♪ ♪ But when you're happy that you're fine ♪ ♪ And I'm a shunned ♪ ♪ It's easy to cool ♪ ♪ But when you get your ass ripped off ♪ ♪ Don't get so angry ♪ ♪ I'll have to do something for you ♪ ♪ My name is David ♪MUSIC Music Music Music >> So, the music, this is your spot. It's all a bit, it's systematic, it's ha-ha, I'm so mad at you. Watch, please lighten this.MusicMusic You must find a six o'clock, over this black hill, you'll get some of the greatest haircuts, 30 years old haircuts here. Okay?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible This is a wonderful song. Thank you for watching. Music Background Sounds Music MusicINAUDIBLE Music >> You did it till you partied. Music MusicMusic Music Music Music Silence Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.MusicMusic because I didn't know if most of them had more short shaking hands. So remain silent, so most of them. Make me around, guess you can call me Frickett. Do your stuff right and in the detail, then. This is your truth, science, you'll forget it, you'll get your attention, you'll get your attention. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (door creaks) (door creaks) (door creaks) (door creaks) (door creaks) (door creaks) (door creaks) (door creaks) I guess I'd be asking all IPA was for blower if I had just said to it other information this abuse stops. I can still ask this question, it's really different than what I've said. My approach has been the same and consistent all the time. Yes, it might become a whisper. slow blow if that is and the sort of loss you're starting but I don't think it's still possible to polarize the world to get to know me effects. That's what word is you will hear from it. Two years ago, both countries were completely aware and so this does it. It's led to humanity and mankind itself. ATG test So they stole you to the point that they all felt collectively suicidal. Tell us the... They moved to the years ago. Why didn't you let it catch that song? Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I'm not trying to fight in all the country or in other, for them to just try to make or special simon, this is the 20th. Why you let me get that song? (knocking on door) Silence Silence I'm going to have to go back to the beginning of the video. I'm going to have to go back to the beginning of the video. I'm going to have to go back to the beginning of the video. I'm going to have to go back to the beginning of the video. I'm going to have to go back to the beginning of the video. I'm going to have to go back to the beginning of the video, and we're going to skip that out to three years ago, and that's real, though, Todd. We're going to skip that out to three years ago. We're going to skip that out to three years ago. We're going to skip that out to three years ago, and that's real, though, Todd. I've got a question this, the Americans. I've shut in the English language, and I don't really know what you're talking about. I don't really know what you're talking about. I don't really know what you're talking about.no audiono audio and and Silence Silencesilence Same thing, that's the twenties. Yes.silence Link is on the other ads. You can see the bullets on the create one. You can also sort of click on the create one.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Silence Yeah, that's so good, they're home. Silence >> It's possible conference link around. Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence Okay, one more. So why does anyone expect me to be able to get to any work done with these things? (inaudible) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) I'm sorry, I need to run. I need 30 years of running. The roll is quite different. I need to get straight out of the comp there. for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, she's suffering too much, for instance, (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't see any selling things. All of our elections will have won more elections and tabloids. We're looking back at it now. We're looking to see where we're going. I'll be sure to call she's in the middle of the ring of the ring of the ring of the ring of the ring. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) points are the machine where voices intercept and where it comes out of my cell. Actions in the lab. Silence Silence Pause Pause Background Sounds Background Sounds (clicking) Thank you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausesilencesilence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm looking at my watch and I'm going to show you my style of kind of design too. I'm seeing it in the other face. I'm showing you my...silencesilence So, let's see. Silence Silence I guess it's more as strong and the best in the extent that it's not quite as low-paralleled in this vision and cultural geographies. I need to be specific. I'm going to see a little bit of vision and consumerism. Why would you think... I mean, it should sub to products a lot, they have people alone. So why would they, for instance, I mean, a couple of the other things. Crane, I don't know if you're people in the States. and I don't know where, you know, I'll watch if you need it, I mean those people that are not diligent about you, are not a part of this thing, that's the term, well at least it didn't use to me too, Silence But seriously, I'm happy to take the blame for being a nomenal dog, I don't know what he else is, I don't know, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. But we'll actually take the effort to try to understand this country and live in it. We'll actually try to take the effort. People usually, oh, we don't try. I will start with long because I don't care. It actually takes the efforts. If you don't take the effort then you have to define something based on it. Supposedly... Pelogen culture, then what do you define? Peyton, snow, my pelon. I'm the...MusicMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCLICK Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silenceno speech detected Make sure that it is done. Thank you for watching!silencesilencesilencespeaking in foreign language Silence One night in the difficult day of the haunt, but the sacrifice of the blue sea, only with not a day for day.Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGClock ticking What's up? Made music. It's Joe.Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingMusic Music Music ♪ You're the one that's left in my place ♪ ♪ You're not paid up for anything ♪ ♪ You're the one that's left in my place ♪ ♪ I keep doing this right, right now ♪ ♪ You're not paid by day ♪ ♪ You're not paid in my place ♪ Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Music Music Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Music Music Music Music MusicMUSICMUSIC Music MusicMUSICINAUDIBLEMUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusic Background Sounds (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Music >> Yeah, good times. >> Good music. Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMUSIC Let's keep it. Music ♪ And you're so hot in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, MusicMusic Music Music >> Good sounds. >> Turn 8 music. Music Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (clicking) Music Singing (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) MusicMUSIC Music Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE Yeah. Silence Silence Thank you. You You You You Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silencesilence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence So, now... So good.silencesilence I don't know what they are, but they're not really, they're not really, they're not really clearly in this possible. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'll see you guys in the next video. I'm going to have to come up with the news. Thank you, now. Thank you. Thank you.silencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC And then we've settled in a little bit of range for the more than a minute. I've seen it, and it sounds a little bit terrible in tune. It's a bit different than I've seen it in terms of.., and I will change the one because it will make me feel so nice to bend on your hands and I will release it.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Maybe they said God that they are supposed to motion this, that some decision will be able to make it and take it and so on. What making such a thing? decision, make a decision, and spend the day just trying to understand everything, and the names done, and the interest of us. For the time being. and for session. I'm not trying to figure out where they don't control that thing. It's really control. I'm going to take a session to session, and then...silencesniffingsilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) That's so much, but I'll see you again, Mrs. Nogin, Mrs. Taro, sister and son, and I'll like the old sister and the little sister and the little son, Kareela, thanks very much. and we doubt this is for to launch from my site, we can't continue to do this anymore. You can't continue to do this anymore. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)silenceMusicMusicMusic So, let me just need to stand up.silencesilence and the exposure of the team. to be distracted or disturbed or disturbed. That's part of the dimension of the publishing and the end. Such was the sort of cultural, local, or think-of-think. Now we should move on to the floor. This condition is needed to sleep with a clean bottle of tea. You You Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio Why would I come up with a little precaution, what would I like to create, to prepare the spiritual meaning? Carry on for a certain amount of people, for a certain amount of time. We're searching in this one time where it's specific locations, locations why will they come up there like this? I mean, if they don't save it, they'll come up there like this. Why don't we all have a little bit more than it's going to be no longer a test?silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> I'm just finishing it now. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.MUSIC Well, that's it, I think that we won't meet again in the next 10 minutes. So, we're still on the ground, we're on all of the ideas. Cloth and booby and the two. of the company to solve this. Let's see what I'm going to do. Well, I'll tell you about all the details because also, when I was in high school, it was really some of this and then I'm over the hard work and I can get it back to the level of room. Discolon, but it is a very strong and deep system. What's that shit about?no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I can't be sure that I can't be sure that I can't be sure. Silence Silence And again, I'm going to do some specific videos and then I'm going to do some specific videos and then I'm going to do some specific videos and then I'm going to do some specific videos and then I'm going to do some specific videos and then I'm going to do some specificPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs >>INAUDIBLE SilenceMUSIC You can see the other links in the description below. Thank you very much.silencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE I'm sure somebody in this check. Please check. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilence Silence Silence You're listening very deeply to me, and just for a lot of me.no audiono audioSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (laughs)silencesilence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to show you how to do it, and then I'm going to take it on the screen, and then I'm going to do it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSighs Silence There's a lot of good vibrates out of it, it's don't try to relax every eye, might think, but this day away is completely so bad it would not try to learn them thing, not blah blah blah blah. If I'm not the same, I left it now and I won't be able to stay down or cut it at all. Still need to use it at all.silence This is the most I've taken, security boundaries that I've needed in the trillion arms. I need to... *sigh* *sigh* I'm stuck in the water, I'm in a cell phone. Silence Silence Thank you for your time, and I hope you enjoyed this video. to have a need to have this possibilities to have a need to have a need to have a need to time. Any element, the one step control and the returns. So that's pretty much it. I will still accept one of these and I will start with one of these I will connect I will continue to be awesome and nice to meet youinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMUSIC So I'm going to do a movie too. Difference. So I'm going to do a story. Going to throw this one on the road, and then I'm going to do a tale of things. So, cross the program and cancel it, try to translate the team to another media team. We should proceed in the room. So, we should translate the team to another team. We need to be in another room, and so the outing was right to continue to compensate, but taking over so many of the things that we've just seen in our territories. Just to keep on going. Actress objectives. Let's move it over there to the right. You You You Youinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thank you. Thanks for watching!silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible and finally decided to improve that in New York and next year we'll close and pull the table to show. Put the end of the part of the new team already. We are in the business to remission to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to the business, to theinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePause So all of the organizations that could meet in this, that's an entire way to improve. Silence Pause Pause Pause PauseINAUDIBLEMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicPausePausePausesilence sounds clean, James.MusicMusicINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm just saying. Maybe two more minutes.silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC Crap! Crap! Crap! No, it's not possible! Ah! I'm so angry. Crap! Crap! I'm so angry. Crap! Crap! Crap! Crap! Crap!silenceclicksilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE to the sequential CDC. The sequential CDC-JR-2P. The sequential CDC-JR-2P. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Pause Pause I don't know if you can tell me how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, I don't know how many people I've been living in, You know, I'm not too sure if they knew I'm not a strong container, but well, you know. If I see a Muslim, I need to be in the next level. If there is a good thing, because I love being with a clean end. *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* I can't do that. I'll see if I'm gonna do this. Okay, okay, okay. So, there is something. Respect, don't be too cut out. Oh yeah. That's completely unenthusiastic. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sighs)no audiono audiono audio First, let's not offend the looks. I'm not too late. I'm not too late. I'm not too late. I'm not too late. I'm not too late. I'm not too late. I'm not too late. I'm not too late. I'm not too late. I'm not too late. and I think that's what I'm doing. I'm going to be able to listen to what I'm doing. So, I'm going to be able to listen to what I'm doing. So, I'm going to be able to listen to what I'm doing. So, I'm going to be able to listen to what I'm doing. So, I'm going to be able to listen to what I'm doing. So, I'm going to be able to listen to what I'm doing. So, I'm going to be able to listen to what I'm doing. So, I'm going to be able to listen to what I'm doing.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLESIGHSSIGHSSIGHSinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic and I'm going to be able to see you next time. SilencePause Now, now, from the top, I'm going to continue to do both of the tématirics. Let the call show you know, know it, you're on time, just to know what I'm doing, and the address is yours, come, come, come, come, come.inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePauseinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) I'm just going to finish this time and I'm going to put up a little bit of the season and I'm going to do it. Ah, that sounds like a princess, I'm going to do it. Thank you. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff*sighs We gave you a show of video and I'm just supposed to keep going.Music So I bought a kicker for the start. It's very interesting. It's very interesting. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SilenceSilence that the music will finish. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence I'm going to put it in the nose and I'm going to fill it up and she was going to let it in for a little more. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) I don't know if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it,silencesilence Thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention. is going to be a little bit more smooth. You should look down. You can see the difference here. Let's get a little bit more smooth. Thanks for watching. Pause Thanks. That's the last thing that needs to be done. That's the client. Has no further clumpings, and they're clumping. No, I don't want to be seen. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I should move on to the next thing. (sighs) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible It's a Christian, I believe, a very rational, cashier community. It's a Christian community. I'm going to check it again for those in the tutorial below, that's some of the natural assing of my THSL issues, I'm going to come out with a bit of a sound, I'm going to just send it on the screen to the other side of the screen. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silenceinaudibleinaudible (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) I don't know if you can hear that.no audiono audioinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Thank you for watching. and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it's not in the text and it (knocking on door) (sighs) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) Let's see what we're doing.silence Silencesilencesilence Oh, please take us to the next area to the map and visit the map of the god, where all the other planets are on the floor.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudible Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audio Silence Silence One thing that was the lowest for you all, one of the small night man is the moment you start knowing if you're paying out more than only other snout-fout people over there, and you suppose it'd be horrible or you're getting more... It's a lot of rssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss It's kind of beautiful, yes, there's a lot of conscious travelers, what human rights and the wisdom is better than of course he is as well. But the open is the kind of beauty that is unique. I don't think she wants to also have any annoying cards to go to steps. I don't think she wants to go to steps. I don't think she wants to go to steps. It's never as evil or as one side of the rest. Completely rotten or it's no country kept exists and the public and corrupt and mafia completely all around the world. I'm going to be sent here to the other side. that doesn't even take this, the end this human sitting there. The human is well as you are human then, then you also know what's like to be human, just don't know what is to be about to be able to do it. Do you already know that also? Silence Silence I'm still calling this.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible between the love, right?MUSIC Thank you very much. In the true world, there's a lot of way from birth. In the ancient world, it was not involved in change. I couldn't leave around in the period of the movement. There was always a sentence in trying to alter the universe to cross. Thank you very much. and the year when it's 68-60 something. With the Dutch else in Berlin, Berlin, French, that's why I'm leaving. Sorry. Good job trying to say this. There's a bit like a barrier painting, there's a piece of it, you also need to take us up about your medical level, and then it's suddenly, we're going to leave it on its own, it's really also really a piece of it, wanting to get rid of the old era stuff we're seeing. I think to that more stuff that we also people, not just on the web, but on the web, but still a sheet of system for them, and Belgium always try to be a mission. for peace because it learned that it can be successful, but it's a realization coming with me because it doesn't really need it to be called, because I don't really really enjoy it, cheers for it. Thank you. I just want to tell you something. But anyway, try to understand what God would do in the end. Actively, to read for you at least. questions, should it be accepted by you, or is it not, by the way?MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Silence Silence >> We did. of the differentials cell or long-time mission, and then some of these things. Do you remember that? Do you remember the solos? Here's a little bit of a hint, I'm trying to tell someone else what I'm going to do, and... That looks so maybe yes, I'm not slipping it.silence We were there in the first bottle, but we were in the second bottle, so we were in the there weapons of mass destruction of the mass destruction. I was searching, I said no, without some dining, that volume is there, inflating and mostly floating. I don't know if it was weird or something. I don't know if it was weird or something, I don't know if it was weird or something. I don't know if it was weird or something, I don't know if it was weird or something. Silence Inaudible Remark Silence because you're so much different. It's not working, it's because... Ugh... It's not working... It's not working, it's because... It's not working.., and Saddam was installed by the Americans and then they used them to go and find you, and when that was over, he started to get some idea the way he's owned and then the Americans decided on it to like Saddam's thing. (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE That pulls it. We're almost in charge. 60 days, 60 weeks. That's just normal, but...SIGHSSIGHS I'm trying to say this, it's almost saying that he swung over the tigress, and that he has to become legendary to me, and either singer, she will melt me, and the puppets on the puppeteer and the Washington Tomp, they will have guessed on the point of the movie.SIGHSSIGHSinaudibleinaudible Thank you.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm not a man, but I need to show self. I'm not a man, but I need to show self. I'm not a man, but I need to show self. I'm not a man, but I need to show self. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. but I guess in the way man he has some of the two uh to be the similar for the watching and the students also teach us and finish our students in the middle of the day, in the middle of the day. In the middle of the day. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes I can just sort of nomads here and I can finish and I'll be honest I have a little colony of all of us. That's a part of it. just like so, to resolve the issues we've seen it. Just stand up for yourself. Thank you very much. to me at those, so I put the mark on my toes and if you missed it, then chose a ball that's the difference, and my own town is Statue of King Leopold II, crazy second king of Maladin, and next to big, gigantic statue. On the left side of the right, and there's a pack that talks about the ship for my rights. For a purely... more ever grown, more young, more level level, some part of a long, long, golden, thousand, and it is fascinating, and it's something where they had this campaign to go and chase away the, um, to whatever in the desert or some country as a scenario. it's just like a bomb and then chase the wind and then we came back and all was all good luck. You need not tell me, you need not tell me, you need not tell me, you need not tell me. Thank you very much, and thank you very much for your time, and thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (laughs)INAUDIBLE and you want to make a call before the war broke out, I think, uh, put an interaction into some it needs to be something to be able to replace this base of time and resources that are to see this by, uh, hitting the sand so I don't fight in this complete contest my family is rules, so I'm in more than 80 minutes place to really talk, talk, talk, talk... all these stupid things, because you want to have this, I'm going to make sure You cannot get this, I'll need it. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)