[00:01:02.21] OneOdio FM1:	INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence smiling This is the first time I've done this kind of a smile on and right again. I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don'tsilencesilence There are some list pages. List pages. List pages. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah YeahINAUDIBLELAUGH (door slams) I check in order logistics.silenceinaudibleinaudible Ah, working.MUSICSOUNDSOUND Yeah, I'm gonna miss you. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you very much. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) I have a plastic shirt. I have a plastic shirt. I have a plastic shirt. Inaudible Remark (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (laughing) - Oh, buddy. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence SilenceSilenceSilenceSilence more dank ballroom of installments oh yeah check it check it check it check it Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to take a look here, I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a I can't help it, so I'm in the video, so... Just stop, I just... Just... I'm in the video, so...COUGH (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesniffingsilence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oh. I'm going to have to do the machine and the sustenance of the city.Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking to sit in. to sit in. to sit in. to sit in. to sit in. to sit in. to sit in. to sit in. Silence Silence What? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Silence Silence I'm thinking that small. There's the thinking I've been here for the last three years, hold on to any more thinking. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's all I actually did. I have a lot of children that I'm not sure. It's a secret. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE I don't know if that's that much for you, but that's really, that's going to be a nice sufficient start to my emotions. Or you... Copylos... No, no, we see the necessity to... joke... Stop destroying people. So all you do is is to embellish all your setups. Now I know I'm exaggerating, but I'm sure that stuff that's somewhere, if you want to call on or off the success, but nobody sees it, you cannot talk about it, so all that remains as a visible fucker. I can't really help but not before you understand what is going on. We keep pulling it into ourselves, it did you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Now you feel discomfort because you are doing things that are a bit less. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not sure, Kamshi. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to be nice and clean, and I still have plenty of seat in case it all fails. I'm going to be just something that is also familiar to me.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE That's the level you actually don't want to away, and then it's like a illusion.silencesilence (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE it's it's it's it's it's Silence I just want to ask, are there any other people directly or less directly in the morning? Do you want to talk about the old work from the young people and what? Okay, now we have a keypad to met a new owner. Thank you very much. Silence Silence I mean, no, it's not a lot. Coming up for the plan for the situation of the day. For either the main thing in the producing that I have or what. You know, it's not the endlings, it's for long, and the main thing is that I want to preserve all of this already accomplished, I know on a destroy so much, there's too much, which... That's too much diversity too much stuff that this works so much in keeping ignoring as if it is a little garbage. What else? If there's five more than languages spoken, leaving languages in the world today, can we all say, "Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, oh, you only have 15 more than half of it." 15 languages, otherwise it's, well I see that that's value, but this is what gives people identity, but this is how they know who to trust. Let's turn the whole world into a shade of gray, and then we'll have to see the new gray, and you must be known as the same, like that. You might have been in the settlest, thinking, I'm putting stuff. and you see for lots of every other look that I'll be online or the payments so think and not think And only the special ones can think a bit more than the ones who have to remind themselves not to think and the special ones they know because they're special for reason that nobody can think all the damage all nobody makes. (sniffing sound) (exhaling) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Silence SilenceMusic It's a bad game, I'm in the next corner. There's a bit of...MusicMusicMusicSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible Silence Silencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (sniffing) You know, start to think. You can't think of anything. You can't think of anything. You can't think of anything. You can't think of anything. You can't think of anything. You can't think of anything. You can't think of anything.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) But the destination is not exactly the same, but we need to be able to get a couple of stairs and move them off. So, we need to get a couple of stairs and move them off. So, we need to get a couple of stairs and move them off. So, we need to get a couple of stairs and move them off. So, we need to get a couple of stairs and move them off. So, we need to get a couple of stairs and move them off. The island was down the bay. Don't break it. Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE on the end of the video. From the end, I'm going to split it up. You know, cleaning class. You know, cleaning worship. So, you know... I need to get in the van. A rainbow flag. I need to write something. paneling is in the focus very little clattery real Russian Ukraine won't if you had to be a real Russian queen and don't let it out of the mold, okay? I'm gonna let you eat me and eat your soup, okay?MusicMusicMusic Silence Silence I'm going to check it out and check it out and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the Let's take Man City to the lake, and let's see. Music column does. One, two, three, four. This is it. Music column does. Music column does. I'll turn on the TV now, you know, the best thing is that you should be able to find a context in the studio, and you should be able to find the best thing you should be able to find And then you just run out of the ring and you're able to tell it. Just tell it again. You are not allowed to run a man or miss death. No, it's just a misconcrete. Okay, let's do it. So, I'm going to put this in the top, maybe you'll go in all sorts of way, even, and then, say so. So, what you're going to do is, I don't know if I'll be able to stay for the moment. I'm going to keep an eye on the moon. I'm going to keep an eye on the moon. I'm going to keep an eye on the moon.silencespeaking in foreign language So, why is that so difficult to understand when you cannot keep on being right or wrong? at the same time. Thank you very much. you Thank you very much. Please. Don't be too slow. Don't be too slow. Don't be too slow. Don't be too slow. Don't be too slow. That is okay to be the simple pilot. (sighs) No, you're not certain. If anyone else... Actually, bless the law. You'll have to read a small, well-earned, uncoped, many from scratch, like a jade man, primates, uh, always well, actually means that there's to be you. You will also run once.silence Not really. Where are the few people that stay? this because nobody fucking knows the thing about your miserable stupidity. So it's a situation, it's not good. Down there also. So say, "Asimilani". No, there's not asimilani. Asimilani. There's not asimilani. Now to my name, "Lani". I don't know if it's not all that I think, but I think that you will remember. Will that correct? That you will remember, come on in Castle Middle East. That for all that we have, I'll need to come and see you. All's active in your coming soon. You're coming soon. Silence I'll cut them off. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. We'll leave it in a little bit. It's... filter... Ah, fault.Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking And then I was actually not sure that I was doing that in the middle. I was still on my way in the middle. I don't remember my appearance or anything.MusicSpeaking in GermanSpeaking in German I'm going to make a comment. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence and and to the sleeping.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silencesilence Listen to that. just turn us to the night, let's do a little bit more, let's do a little bit less. Thank you very much. you you (keyboard clicking) (laughs) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) Add it in and we'll see if it's more than a fabric to be able to do it tomorrow.XBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND to be seen, to be seen, to be seen, to be seen, to be seen, to be seen, to be seen, to be seen. If you are connected, you will need all of us, a bit of help. If you are connected, you will need all of us, a bit of help. a bit purple. That's all right, that's it. Brief react. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (clicking) if (coughs) - I'm gonna leave him with you. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it Pause Pause What's up, everyone, you know, the costume is just a little empty, and there's a lot of I'm fascinated and I feel like I'm still on the top. and I'm going to keep it up, so that's it. I'll show you on the corner of the song on the screen. I'll just show you on the camera. I'll just show you on the camera. I'll just show you on the camera tonight. I'm just going to get the shoe and all the rest of it.MusicMusicsilence Oh, I still have a big thing going on like that. We're going to put all of the cards in the video in the description, and this is the last one. We're going to put all of the cards in the description. We're going to put all of the cards in the description, and we're going to put all of the cards in the description, and this is the last one. I'll talk to the rest of my patient about what I'm doing. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detected What?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm gonna say this is serious because it is so serious.silence (laughs) (mumbles) (clicks) (clicks) (clicks) I'm going to run and re-code on our own if you're going to stop being on our own from now on. Subscribe to my own bit, subscribe. Oh yeah, love, subscribe. Can we run a public? The SPR running will be sub-carbon running.Knocking on doorKnocking on doorKnocking on doorKnocking on doorKnocking on door That's my top shot, my tweet about the rubber candy that he tapped with a dozen deals here.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (laughs) That's not a big deal, but I'll be right back if you want to get in there. (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) Go here is always a problem. (laughs) (laughs) - Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey (laughs) I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it (speaking in foreign language) (sighing) (speaking in foreign language) And I think that I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again. I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do it again, I'm not going to be able to do And I think that I'm not going to be able to do it again. They are not people before they are behind the head. They are the magic that we pay. The people who work, the people who are already behind the head. I want to continue this, it's the same. I want to continue this, I want to continue this, I want to continue this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I want to be a little bit more special, the person who wants to be more... ...the person who wants to be a little bit more... ...c...c...c... ...c...c...c...XBOX SOUNDINAUDIBLE to the PSN. I don't want to prove it to you, I don't want to show you how much I've done, I don't want to show you how much I've done, I don't want to show you how much I've done, I don't want to show you how much I've done, I don't want to show you how much I've done, I don't want the second scene. I'm going to put it in there. It's good. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So small, good that's... I'll see you next time, please. See you later, bye.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (snap) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Thank you. You got some? Okay, I'm coming over here and maybe I'll just slide that over. Carve 2,000 in a good time. Silence To get out of a passive phase, we have to be able to analyze STF-finance, which we responsibility. (grunts) That's it. Thank you for your attention, we'll see you in the next video. Just keep it up, it's about to be ready for us. We'll see you next time.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm finished with the first one coming in, so I'm going to try to make sure that it is better. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to be an extension amp. I'm going to put it on the top of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top of the screen. Chuk. I'll show you.MusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) Silence Silence If you know something, you can also go to Macon, and you can put it on top of Macon. from set to search in your own. SilenceINAUDIBLE This has come to be the first time I've ever been in a country where I've never been in a country like this before, and here, it's very nice, and then, I would like to thank you for being here. Please, please continue to support me. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) just come on on up, comment on the bar. Thank you very much. you Thank you very much.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsinaudible and another volume. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKCLICK