[00:00:32.46] OneOdio FM1:	Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silence Now let's go to the library version.silencePausePause And now I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm just going to go to the bathroom tonight, and I'm perspective, something that I'm going to be able to do.inaudible and I'm going to just add a pinch and a little bit of polish to the finish, and I'm going to do a little bit of finishing on the other side. Silencesilence Let's start.no audiono audio (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Silenceinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedsilencesilence (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (clicking sound) (inaudible) I'm going to cut this thing up for the last one. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here. I'm going to put it in here. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence >> Hi. Silence >> Let's see if that happens. >> Let's see if that happens. I'm going to run from the empty window. I'm going to run from the empty window to the empty window. I'm going to run from the empty window to the empty window. I'm going to run from the empty window to the empty window. I'm going to run from the empty window to the empty window. I'm going to run from the empty window to the empty window. I'm going to run from the empty window to the empty window. I'm going to run from the empty window to the empty window. I'm going to run from the empty window to the empty window. I'm going to run from the empty window to the empty window. I'm going to run from the empty window to the empty window. Silence Silence Silence Silence