[00:00:20.00] OneOdio FM1:	And it's really a massive club.sighssnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessniffles The last speaker here. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.silence to do a little bit. See you in the next one. Something on the screen. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Oh. I'm, well, as stupid as not something like that. I think I can't be able to hit here. I can't call me games. I can't call you games. I can't call you games. I can't call you games. I can't call you games. I can't call you games. I can't call you games. I can't call you games. Also, select "Hell" and not be "Cuse" and "Screditing" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt" and "Bolt Boy's got big guilt, boys feel I must be murdered. No. How well does it look like? 30 million people dead? 3-0 and 6-0? They're like SESP? They're like SESP? The thing is we don't know, we have a delete button. (sniffing)silence Hello, I'm iPhone I can read and I can be called like my mother phone I'm iPhone You You You You (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Oh, that's a torrent.MusicMusic (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) What a nuts. What's going on? What's going on? Let's see where it took all the care we've got. More.SighsSighs Pause PauseINAUDIBLE That's what I'm going to do now, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. Let's do this. Thank you for watching. you Yousilence No, why didn't it go to the last stop? You might be good ass. I love it, it's excellent. (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) If you want to use that quality for noise, it's a homophilus, and that's since the noise is a little bit of sense for the noise. We can hear them. That's from 2000, when Boris was in the Tartros, and Boris was 27, and then he saw a professional, as well, and then he saw us around him, and Boris was still alive. That was the most important thing. We were always in touch with him, and then he was alive. I'll see you in the next one. Take a good rest for a couple of more days. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) I'm trying to open the battery mode. Yes.SighsClick (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) That's all I have to do now is to come in and do the boys. All fake, and we didn't. Do you see? Do you see? Do you see? Do you see? Do you see? Do you see? Do you see? Do you see? (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if you stay in Kappa, but I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don to try but you know what the, yeah, you get to fake.silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silencesilence It could be as much. I'm looking at it now. Ah!Clock ticking (keyboard clicking)no audioClears throat Yeah.Music (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Signal noise. (sniffing) - It's possible. (sniffing) I'm happy to. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) This egg, me and I. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesniffingno audiono audioSOUNDno audio Silence SilenceMUSIC (keyboard clicking) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna push it in this way. I'm just gonna sew it up.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected What is the name? It's the name of the sun. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (exhaling) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) I see that much. I see that much. I see that much. I see that much.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilence and we need to wear it in the house. I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't know if you know what I'm doing, I don't I don't know what to say. We're in the middle, so boy, so you're like equally doods. That's why you don't publish it. It's all...sniffingsniffing (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) And I'm going to give you a little bit more time to talk about this, just a little bit more. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. The blue is the coil. So, in the end, you will not be able to do anything on all of that. You will not be able to do anything on all of that, and that is the most important play you can use here. You can also play with the rest of the insects. Yeah, that's okay, don't feed. Yeah, that's okay. Yeah, that's okay. Pause Pause (camera clicking) Mm. (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorrysilence Okay, so here we are, that's it.snifflessilencesilence (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) the . I'm going to have to go back to the second one. I'm going to have to go back to the second one. I'm going to have to go back to the second one. I'm going to have to go back to the second one. I'm going to have to go back to the second one. I'm going to have to go back to the second one. I don't think I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (air whooshing)INAUDIBLE That was the last one to go. Let's see. Test to follow. I don't know what to do with this one. I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do a little bit more. Okay. Okay. Okay. (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers)INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) Mmm.silencesilence (sighs) I'll find a long way to go to the access level. You'll turn it.silencesniffingsilence You best if all that, that's it. I was still, uh, dumbest for me, still not good, well, the kids have warmed right. The couple drive is like this, it's my step-fiddle, and then the links to all get to published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published, published Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Silence >> Oh, boy. I'll just take a step back to the end of the sentence, that's what you are. Suggesting when you start to pronounce sentence.SighsGaspsSighsSighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence (camera clicks) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) *pfft* Why am I doing this really need a lot of practice sheets? I need to push it back to the loop, so I stay down in the back. So I'm taking two hundred and twelve years. I'll start here I'll have to go back hereGaspsGaspsGaspsGaspsGaspsGaspsGasps (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) No, I can't calm down these things. I can't calm down these things. I can't calm down these things. I can't calm down these things. I can't calm down these things. I can't calm down these things.Sigh I can't calm down these things. (sniffing) (exhaling) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going to leave it here, I'm going *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* Oh my god, what do you think? I don't know if I'm going to be able to... ...try to get out of here. I don't know if I'm going to be able to get out of here. I'm going to be able to get out of here. I'm going to be able to get out of here.GASP Silence (sighs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (mumbles) (grunts)silencesilence Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Pause PauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleCOUGH Pause Bye-bye.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing sound) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm I don't know what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say. The fault of the one. The fault is that it was even a fault. I believe it. What I will take about building the best in Martin Riffleton. I'll create a solution which So, the DNA stuff, I don't know if I can tell you. That's it, and see you on the UI, good to see you all.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Or should we talk about those ones? And we're going to test it, we have all modes for the cost of those states. On the last day of the year, I was so glad to be able to help you out on this trip. Thank you for watching.Musicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on.silencesniffsilencesniffsniffsniffSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS >> Yeah, we'll cut to more examples. I'm going to stop with this. I'm going to stop with this. I'm going to stop with this. I'm going to stop with this. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (speaking in foreign language) So, we said yeah, we have some of the oddistic things that are here to ask you to come up with. So, you think that that's the sex you're going to get? All of the other things are, I think, the most sex that I've ever got. So, yeah, so we're going to do it. I'll send you this. I'll send you this. (clicking) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Music Just know the source. (sniffing) (sighs) We don't feel it, but my barbeque is still. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it. I don't feel it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedINAUDIBLE I'm going to turn it over. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Silence Silence Oh, that kind of thing, why would he not just just listen to the little check? that haven't needs a life no longer. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilenceinaudible You don't need to spend any time here, you go, and now I have to put a shoe in the seal and use it to get nice, to make a seal for girls. Yes, yes, it goes to me. I think it's gonna be it like this. It is called "Metal Art". For me it's enough. I need to say "Word of War". That's called "Metal Art". It's called "Cow World". It's called "Cow World". I learned it. It takes a lot of course. This is my little deriades. What? You You You You (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. It's a lot of little mutiny, but should all the people be worth it?silencesilence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Stop. Yes. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Silence Silencesilencespeaking in foreign language (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) - Now's even more cool. (laughs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) Silence Silence You must stay correct, you must stay correct. Okay. Thank you.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMUSICMUSICMUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) I don't even know. (clears throat) - This is more spree. - Perfect. I'll leave it up. Oh, he'll still fake right now. Let's just hold him. Nice to...SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs It's shaking there.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesniffingsilencesilenceINAUDIBLE I have credibility but you should never just assume credibility is something to the current case and source of credibility no matter how much it might mean. I'm sure it can help you. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I'm going to stop being too late to be able to do that. I assume we saw it in the chat and I'm super sure that it's okay, you see it will be close to the time. Actually right now, if I don't know how I can put it, I'm sure that it's okay. I love it, it's funny, it's not really fun. No, there's respect to myself or anyone else, no, another maybe a bit before I see that (sniffing) *clicking noises* *crying noises* *crying noises* *crying noises* *crying noises* *crying noises* *crying noises* *crying noises* *crying noises* I'm going to call your ass out and do my best. I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't see it, I can't I don't really know if it's not pollution on your laptop, it's not just not saying anything. Will you, then, of course not, or? No. No. No. No. No. No. No, I'm not going to miss it.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking sound) No top eating, you guys, ugly. (sniffing sound) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I won't miss any of that. with the version of the piece, we can do it again, and if there's none and he's using this sort of double-sided, this double bay, this drives from a PC-mic seat, very good as always. that can reach on four sides of the floppy this, but still probably this one. So, I'll tell you soon. I can run the War characters of Jebos. Each with different voices, and I'll do that next time. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence It's almost back full of boys and they're going to have to say, "You're almost back full of them." Still no. Exactly. So if you want to see something like that, do it next and go in. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) See any? Go away.CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK I'll change the equivalence to two different scenarios. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) Oh, it'll go.laughslaughslaughslaughslaughslaughslaughsSIGHS Thank you. We'll be there in a bit, we'll be there in a little bit, we'll be there in a little bit. We'll be there in a little bit. We'll be there in a little bit. We'll be there in a little bit. We'll be there in a little bit. We'll be there in a little bit. We'll be there in a little bit. We'll be there in a little bit. I'm pretty good at it, I have to go. >> Oh, for people who didn't miss us. So this is about the two inside the words that are beautiful ever. the little plant. He also has exactly the same basement which has this this locking rail mechanism which is my name so as I'll see it on my own. He has a little insulation behind the sink, the sink, the sink, the wire, the two, the worst Belgian battlefields and the oil and so forth. Well, it's a baking arms candle, police rays, for the... I guess that about makes it a verse. She kind of reminds me of this, I mean, police and to the shire of these, you know? And I keep like, way worse than it's for you to... There's no name for any of them. Justice. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I have to go on to see if that's what it does, if I go off, and see if that's what it does. So, I'm going to go on to see if that's what it does. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I don't know how it is, I respect it, but the best you can tell. But I think that the monster also says that it is a ship of an old ship. It is a ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an old ship of an I don't know how it is, I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know how it is, but I don't know So You You You You You You You You (sighs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (sniffles)INAUDIBLEinaudible I'm just going to put it around. Hi. (singing) (singing) (singing) (singing) (singing) (singing) (singing) I need super, so it's like a...mimicking No, no, I'm tired right now. In the galaxy right here. The present, the present.laughter exists upon it. I think it's the gas, I'm gonna get some of this. That create the doings, isn't that great? That would go wrong if you didn't care how it feels. I think we should... Yeah, we should... Like, playing you around... Glancing... You know, we grow cats... Grow... We're gonna creep. We're gonna creep? >> I'm still We shall do what we can. So, so, so. Me? It was not very helpful, uh, spainfully. You're using people and so on. No, that is no good. There's no shortcuts being kind. To being... I'm sharing it, Gary. It's all my fault, boy.Clears throatClears throat *sigh* That's what I tried to know. It was since 2013. So, if you post and, uh, just post this, I'll do one.CLICKsighssighsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence So much importance. >> How do you work, how do you prepare? >> All right, now you still aren't sure anyway.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) Silence Silence (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) I think that's a lot of information. I'm not safe at all. I'm better. I'm better at boxing. I'm just too tired of too much pain to be dangling. Oh yeah, I am angry. I'm not so worried. (sniffing) So again, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, Change your mind. time and time remaining I cannot give you more. Now I already have. I think there's that kind of stuff. You just put the little bit of big flash and then there that's the thing with the coattress. So if there's a thing which I try to put the four of these right, are you following them? Which is the same as the other big gun. It does not change because my time looked dope, but... I'm not sure if I'm right or not. (sniffing) Yeah, but think of it more as a good way to do better next time, and more experiment. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, I don't know if it's true. Oh my goodness. You're still trying to find the right way? I'm going to take this if you want me to. I'm going to take another video. Just like that.MusicMusicMusic (crying) (crying) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, I'm not going to stop with any questions, so just leave a question if you want me to, not or not to. But if I pause for a moment, I just sense that I really have to point out your mistake, so why you need to do better. Close your two briefs. Just don't have to be an edge.clickclickinaudibleinaudible >>INAUDIBLE I'm not sorry. I'm sorry, please. I'm sorry, please. I'm sorry, please. I'm sorry, please. I'm sorry, please. (knocking on door)MUSICSOUND (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll see you in the next video.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Background Sounds Background Soundssilencesilence (knocking on door) I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going That was a very nice message. The car is still sitting. Yeah, I think it's okay. Not the D7 and the D7 on the inside. I've entered CDML, all espacimality is probably the most expensive espac... ...so stotish. I didn't have coins. I don't know if I'm going to try and use something. I don't know if I'm going to try and use something. Please keep your little tests up for yourselves. Please keep your little tests up for yourselves. Thank you. >> No, I'm already guessing all about the behavioral thing. It's just, you know, Using my menu items and my clunging of Timon and Mary, how's she out? No. Okay, bless this operation. Sorry. (sniffing) If you don't mean it, it's not respect. (sniffing) We have a third of a place in our time. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Pause >> That's it, I'll talk about some. No, no, no, no. PausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)Music Just get it, just get it on the link. I found that.MusicsilenceinaudiblesilenceSighsSighsSighsSighssighssnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessniffles Silence SilenceMusic Ticket bars for June and the lastMusic Yeah, I included it to pay for your one-off, but not for you.silence Silence Silence All I'm going to sit.Music (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Do you say I'll solve it? It's a terrible day. I know you don't. I'll switch it. Why not? You'll learn that search. Guys, guys.CAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKING (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Thank you very much. Thank you very much.SighsSighsMusicMusic I keep doing it. I can't do it today. I don't think it's a good idea to make it. This is for you to come out again.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I think I'll spin it up on the floor. It's so cold. It's a monkey on the two-hour siphon. I don't mind if... It's hot. (sniffs) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesniffsilencePausePause (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Silence Silence (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to be calling my son, I'm going to be calling my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I'm going to call my son, I Silence Silence (sniffing) (groaning) (sniffing)SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS PausePause Oh!Pause Did you hear that? I should have created it.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (knocking on door) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (scoffs) (scoffs) (scoffs) - Oh, thank God. - I didn't realize. - Poest of those. - Poest of the kills. (scoffs) (scoffs) (scoffs)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh, I love this. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, I need the ash. I just said I'll send a tank to his mouth, the world. *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* This is not a series of colossus, or a Creniace, or a Rouse. We want the Shilluas, or a Trassus.silence Pause PauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'll need it. Oh, I don't know if I need to use that red. It's all over. pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless point What? They're like the tallies, where they're done. You're my half to the stunt, my number's stunt's on to do, my total rate of doing it. We're all out of cells, and then your stunt's on. I'm going to double click to add a little bit of the stuff I have here. Um. Um.. Um. Um. Um. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) Next your upwards, my body from chassis mountain, and my shoulders, So the sound is also in that the last thing that we then think that it has been working as that, so the door in the earing. So this is where it came in. Where it came in. We think in the visual machines where the house could control it and where all is marked, where it came in the video. and then behind for the control overance what we'll take them with, and we'll do so well. Thank you very much for your time, and I'll see you in the next video. you Thank you very much. >> You know, it is hard work, but you can't do all of that, you know. Of course, that's what I think. >> And I hope you're doing well. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause >> I hope there's on the screen. There's a few in the final. There's a few in the final. There's a few in the final. There's a few in the final. There's a few in the final. There's a few in the final. There's a few in the final. There's a few in the final. There's a few in the final. There's a few in the final. There's a few in the final. and I need some of this sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss *sniffing noises* *sniffing noises* You know what I'm saying?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Like Palabra Díaz. We'll start with Palabra Díaz. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put it in the top layer, and then put If he is doing the power unit, I will move. So, that is it. Let me see. Can I ask for it? I also want to be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little I don't think I'm going to be able to do this again. I'm going to do it.SighsSighsSighs (coughing) >> And we'll just do that on my own. (sighs) Excellent, well, thank you. (coughs) (coughs) I'm going to test them. I'm going to test them. I'm going to test them. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. I'm going to get that little animation. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Pause Pause Pause Pause PauseSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) - I don't think I know how to say it. (laughs) - It's something. (laughs) - You just be delighted that you don't need to know either. (laughs) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not sure. I was thinking of another future, you know. That's what we could do there. I had the hope for the idea to have fun. I had to have fun with the concrete. Then I was there, and then I was able to get out of here. You are going to vote for your own. I'm not sure. Toxies, yeah. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence What?sighssighs (sighs) (laughs) I'm gonna be able to just... (laughs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) Pause Inaudible Remark Pause (sniffing) Man, I'm gonna show you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SOUNDSOUNDMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Sounds of painSounds of painSounds of painSounds of painSounds of painSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing)silence We're going to help each other. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (growling) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHS (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Don't do it, little bit. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs)silencesilencesilenceno audio Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Oh, nice.silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (gasps) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) - Boo. Boo. (sniffing) - Yeah. - No. - Yeah. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) What? I come to the point, stupid sister, to the wrong officer, to the way that I've asked, I'm not going to tell anybody, I'm not going to care. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sniffing) (sighing) (sniffing)MUSIC (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying)SOUND *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh*BreathingBreathingBreathingBreathingBreathingBreathingBreathingBreathingBreathing (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Ah. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (groaning) (groaning) (door slams)silencesilence (laughs) - Keep reaching out. (door closes) (door closes) (man grunts) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) Silence Silence (sniffing) Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) - Wow.silencesniffing (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll put it in here then. I'll set it up there. (knocking on door) (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)laughtersilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oh, it doesn't work, it's from the Fairbless. Oh. Oh, the moon. Good.MusicMusicMusic I have a call from ten. I'm going to turn it down with the test and plus, I'm going to make a very, very tender test. (Sigh) (Sigh)NOISE I don't know. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Sighs 30 or 30.Sighs I'll tell you what I'm going to do next, so when dA is up there, I'll tell you what I'm going to do next, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do next, the .Silence I think I'm gonna need... *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* Oh, stop, stop. You know, it's better to hang out out there and put that up. So, you know, put yourself in the exact same place for the hot. What do you need to do? You know, you know, put yourself in the exact same place for the hot.silencesilencesilence >> I can't help it. I don't know where we're going to stop there, I don't know. Why is this thing empty? It's all over.SIGHSSIGHS I'm actually a bit short for my mask. I'm not saying it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's fine. I don't know if the system has a new problem with it. If the system doesn't have a new property, I don't know if the system doesn't have a new property. Good, sure. Good, sure. Good, sure. Good, sure. Good, sure. Good, sure. Good, sure. Good, sure. Good, sure. the benefit of the government, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the UnitedSIGHSGASPSSIGHS I'm going to do one of these for all of the watts for two of them. I am a session in my life, I am holding the words. You died yesterday, right? That was actually my limit. What to do now? You have faith now, but let no. Oh, cool. Thank you very much.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS I don't know if I can do it. >> I'm too awesome. >> I'm a champion. >> I'm a champion.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS You can see that there is a lot of space in the room. There's an operating on the helicopter here and that has a lot of speed to send. So that's what pissing buzz is from the analysing you off when you're not coming back.SIGHSMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I don't know, there are a few things that I'll have to ask for. I'll have to ask for a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a I'm sorry, I don't know if it's good, okay? I don't know, I'm not going to let you know. Of all, it's fine, I don't know. Don't you have a sh*t? Okay, yeah, it's just you and me. So, that's it for today, thank you for watching my video, so if you have any questions, I'll leave them in the comments below. Thank you for watching, see you next time, bye bye! I came from some end, did something to him? Damn. I don't know if you can see it, but I'll do it again. Do you know that? No? I don't know. I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I'll do it again, but I don't know if you can see it, but I'll do it again.SighSigh or if we want to do that, we can do it with the speed of the speed we can do it with the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed So we can do it with the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of I don't know what to do, but that's it. I don't think so. But I still have time. I'm sorry. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. She knew it's the image. I guess it's a smoozer. Where are you? Where are you so ashamed of yourself? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you so ashamed of yourself? Where are you so ashamed of yourself? (click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it, but I don't know if you can see it,silencegibberishclickclicksilencesilence I will meet with all of you in the next video, see you in the next video, bye bye.INAUDIBLE I'm going to make a simple print mark on the top. I'm going to make a new sample. I'm going to make a print that's still there.XBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND Yeah, I'll see you in the middle of it. I'll see you in the middle of it. Can you do that too, bro? Yeah.Sigh (sniffing) I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the room and I'm going to go to the other side of the I don't know, I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I'll see you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. So, the robot is very good at dancing and the whole tape is a little bit of a semi-tune. The one that is here, the other one. If you want to do something like this, you can't do anything like this. But no, you need to install it, and the file is still working. Why? The idea is that this is possible. If you want to do it, you can do it. for all the elements. Would you ever tell me that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that thatSighs I don't want to come for certain. It's a little dirty. But we keep a lot of stuff to do with the system. I'm going to take it away. Okay, now we're going to go over the boil and get it going up and we're going to put the ingredients in. Okay, now we're going to put the ingredients in. Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I'll just go on the flip. Hold on, and the best on the left.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Well, that was a confusion. I'm very glad to have this bell that he was following me. Yeah, I'll take it. I don't know if it's true or not, but it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's not true, it's and you'll have some tour de Capit, and that's the animals. Those are the animals. (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) the I'll see you guys later. Thank you very much, everyone. Testiness, yeah? The key point is that there were a couple of different things that you could have had. You could have had all the good stuff. I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I'm talking about, but I don't know if you have any idea what I I don't know what I'm doing with it. I'm sorry, I'm not doing anything. I'm not doing anything. I'm not doing anything, I'm not doing anything. I'm not doing anything. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)XBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence creating lots of evidence I'll put it in the middle of the room. So long there are about 10 necrats, but everybody is out doing a little bit of leg. There is an emotional scene, a leg made to have a giant capacity, but there is still a scene where there is a lot of things that I don't know.SighsSighsSighsSighs (laughs) Come on, boy. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (laughing) Alright, so we can do it without the forwards controls. I couldn't do that without the forwards controls, I couldn't do that without the forwards controls, I couldn't do that without the forwards controls, I couldn't do that without the forwards controls, I couldn't do that without the forwards controls, I couldn't do that without the forwards controls, I couldn't do that without the forwards controls, I couldn't do that without the forwards controls. So there's no success right now, I'm going to put it up right now, I'm going to put it up right now. I don't know what to say. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll show you the letter that I'm going to write on the back of my pen. I'll leave you in a minute or there I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, bye bye. There's no way I'm doing that in any other country, I'm just... I'm just going to leave you in the next video, bye bye. (sniffing) (sniffing) - Man, I'm just... 600. - Okay, so it's almost done at the top, man. Let's go. For example, I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I don't know how to do that. I think it's a good idea to have a good time with this game. I think it's a good idea to have a good time with this game. I think it's a good idea to have a good time with this game. I think it's a good idea to have a good time with this game. I think it's a good idea to have a good time with this game. I think it's a good idea to have a good time with this game. I think it's a good idea to have a good time with this game. I think it's a good idea to have a good time with this game. I don't know, I just need to run out of time to see if I can get out of here or not. I'm going to have to go out of here.silencesilencesilence What is that?silencesilence Those folks all served him, and he's not eating those folks or something. He heals up to you, that's it, and he calls it. He heals up to you. (clicking) We're called to see the alarm in. I can't really understand that. I can understand that. I can't understand that. That's the solution. I'll see you in the next video. Bye bye. You're a mess colonel, I don't think something's going on, but I'll see you soon. Yeah, I'm going to get a bit of a... ...eat up the other poses. (Sighs)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Easy to balance it, I need a tiny bit. Thanks for watching. You Thanks for watching. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesniffingsniffingsniffing I don't know, I couldn't go to the other side of the house. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. I couldn't tell you my color all the time. It was nice. I didn't know it was nice. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) And there were more data up there, so I'll tell you where you're from. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know Silence SilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Do you have a seat?PausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesniffingSOUNDINAUDIBLE Yeah, that's all I know of you guys, so yeah, I'm going to come in and come in and come in and come in.sighssniffssniffssniffssilenceinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICK Yeah, that was good. Be as good. I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) - What's the tone? - Shh. I don't know what I want, but that's the message I'm going to expose. So make sure you meet them, and you'll get all that from them, and you'll meet them. Meet my mom. (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) So, as you may be, let's just... I'm going to cut some of the core, then you also press it to cut. I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, then I'm going to cut some of the core, (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'll tell you all the stuff I've picked up in the bottom of the video, I'll turn it back (speaking in foreign language) It's me, Milo, second, no, oh, it's the same name, it's from me. It's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it's the same name, it I don't know what you're saying, but I'm sorry, I don't know what you're saying, but I don't know what you're saying. I'll see you all in the next one.MusicMusicsilenceair whooshing I don't know where I hang up, I can't wait to see it. The whole thing is not professional, it's not a professional, it's not a professional, it's not a professional. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. No, no. I don't know if I can do it. No, no, no. (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceclickingsilencesilencesniffingsilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to be on the dot phone. All right, well. I have to add a video, so I'll take my next one. All right. I don't know if you can see it. Maybe it's that time. I'm not going to do it, but I'm going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm just going to need to add a little bit of malt to this. Yes, but we didn't see that, so we had to go there. I don't think so, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that We didn't see that, but we didn't see that, but we didn't see that, so we had to go there. We didn't see that, but we didn't see that, so we had to go there. I don't believe that you don't need, and then the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the And then you can see the difference between this and this one, and then you can see the difference between this and this one. Losing. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't care if it's on this, but it's a bit of a weird space for me. I'm going to put it on the back of my head. I'm going to put it on the back of my head. I'm going to put it on the back of my head. I'm going to put it on the back of my head. I'm going to put it on the back of my head. I'm going to put it on the back of my head. I'm going to put it on the back of my head. I'm going to put it on the back of my head. I'm going to put it on the back of my head. I'm going to put it on the back of my head. I'm going to put it on the back of my head. Yeah, come on. Follow them. Yeah, all the church. Yeah. I don't expect in that religion, well I tried to use Drexel, I think I now have some laws on the basics, and only the idea that I take is interesting, but it has touch points for many other things. For me, it's not one thing that is so underrated and it's so true. Version or version or true, and I've played with it before, since I've played with it. It's a bird with an origin that I have a different view that tells me that the contents of it is some valuable. (sniffing) Say it by a nice little hand. (sniffing) (inaudible) (inaudible) (sniffing) (inaudible) (inaudible) like some action stuff in the get-touch and it does not spawn that is what it looks like. Oh this needs to be loud and loud in this. This button, yeah, big though.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I don't know what I'm actually talking to in the way I kind of say I don't know what I am. Even though I just do it for you, it's just a different feeling. I'm going to let this go, come on.silencesilence (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) Face something. (sniffing)silencesighs Does she really have all this time? Which one was it for? It cannot beat us. We need more time, and just say by doing the other thing that's been done before. There you go. What do you need us for? Find your allegiance.silencesilencesilence I think I'm sure it will be the same time. What? What? What?silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You know I can't miss it and like you can see all the mess, all the mess, all you want to control is your payment for shelter. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (sniffles) (gasps) (sniffles) Silence Silencesilencesnifflessighssilenceknock on door Silencesilence No, save it a bit. All the men's. I've been doing this for a long time, but not for a long time, but for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time, but not I've been doing this for a long time, but not for a long time, but not for a long time. We are going to interview him, but he is a very good person. He is a very good person. He is a very good person. He is a very good person. He is a very good person. He is a very good person. He is a very good person. He is a very good person. He is a very good person. and then I have to see the other side of the door. I'm not sure if it's going to stand, but we're going to see the other side of the door. Pause Inaudible Remark But... ...it only occurred when I got safe.silenceMusic Help it to arm more about the end of stage here. He had to be terrified much, just knowing it's worse. I'll tell the other man's. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I think it's a mission and it's a common sense when I show you the email, and I'll check it out. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Thank you, you're welcome. I told you, we're going to have $1.00. We need $2.00 to do a little. I guess I'll just open up a little bit of the video. Um, they let me say, not the only one here is that they cut him and the rest of them are going to manifest here. I'm going to do a little bit more of that. I'm going to do a little bit more of that. I'm going to do a little bit more of that. I'm going to do a little bit more of that. That's a little bit of a concept of a soul, a concept of what makes us, who we are, and the visual, what happens in the human brain. It's not a standard, so it's not a bad change. That's the change of the resource and something that exists just like in H&M. First of all, something you can grab is changing. So that makes it difficult to do a lot of thinking with. So this is all. Did that, uh, I call this one from the Electrical Out? In the brain? That moves around, as we think. Well, do whatever it'll buy. It's linked to all sorts of things. Won't do any of the things that I've written out things or. All bunch of things. But just like either we can grab it and lock it up. In the box or something, I don't have to, I think it's at least two mistakes. It is. That doesn't make sense, but it shouldn't just be certain of it. That doesn't make sense, but it shouldn't just be certain of it. I feel you are angered now and take a bit of hope in this video. still about how changes vanished in the universe. The paper, the written manor is notes. It's paper, you write a piece of paper, turns into ashes. Still, the universe keeps almost There's no one that stores forever, I think it's... It's always there, the worst of sentences is still there. Thank you very much. So when we die, anyway I don't really tell them, I think it's sweet. and it's like exciting, just go back to our comfort, we just get back what we have there made up to, to notice that you guys can use it for something else, but what we were, while we were alive, was changing all the time, and the last version that's this, the snapshots of who you were. Let me die. I know this forever. That version of a change again.SIGHS So what do you do, do you like to listen to stories and then what don't we take? You know, who's so? them. They will use it to make it stupid. That's what you are doing now. Now we'll get for my network to start. Anybody guess who? Can I tell you?silencesilencesilencesilencesniffingsilencesilencesilence Thank you. I have to think for a while, like a doorbell. But learning my doors almost can take a minute. I have to think for a while, like a doorbell. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) I like it when I'm horrible, but I say well I say a lot, but I can't, if you want to. That little touch, it will look like the perspective of the movie was... ...and two commercials and...inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesnifflessilencesighssilencesilence So, we're going to start with the first one. So, we're going to start with the first one. So, we're going to start with the first one. So, we're going to start with the first one. So, we're going to start with the first one. I'm going to go with the ARS. So I'm going to go with the other parts. Two hides. We are what you think.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsINAUDIBLE Nice and long. Okay. Alright. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. What's the last end of the news?clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick Silence Yeah, once, I'd say no use of, and that's all about the last class. Okay. It's like the getting used. Of course, we used to, but going, uh, still, going. But that would be...silence (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silenceno audio Who's the spokesperson? I'm sure I've only got what he's trying to say to him. Pete, we'll see you later. Well, I think that before I say it, Matthew's all up, and then you want me to be portrayed as a more evil and angrily. Yeah, well, in the wrong. You have a beautiful eye on you on there. No, I'm not gonna lie. I won't tell you. I'm still telling you why even though it's more. a lot of presentments that will lead up to them. So no. I don't like it. I'm so unsure. I'm too much related. but I guess I have some time. I guess I have some time. I guess I have some time. I think that it does not have a lot of view. So what is your real question? I would like to move to the other side. So you can make sure that...click, clickclick, click, clickclick, click, clickclick, click, clickclick, click, clickclick, click, clickclick, click, clickclick, click, click (clicking) So you've been, I say, you went from rescuers to make sure that I put you here. both agree with me and being willing to enable to help you. So I have to continue to figure out ways. We'll all start up, humans, don't want to die. Still believe it will be a future if we just try. Don't just miss it. I'm trying to understand why you think this is a mouse. All you do right now is maybe the best metaphor of everything will be destroyed if you can do this over and over again. I think all of a sudden you miss me. But not a lot of reason. So I'll just let C people suck for the pain that's going out from the voice of a rush. (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) Yes. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Background Sounds Background SoundssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Well, exactly, I'm still talking about me, pretty much soldy fighting, but I'm still still trying to weld all in here. Thank you for so much for giving me reasons, continue to live, continue to live, have no sense.no audiono audio Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why You need to know that they are trying to kill those people in the line. I'll be to know what you just precisely did with those words. That they actually mean the opposite. You know, that does not make sense. You can say this now, but I mean, it's stupid. They'll be the shit.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing) - 'Cause it can't be this amusing. (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Oh, no.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePause (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (grunts)INAUDIBLE (indistinct) (coughing) I haven't tried to see. (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)silencesilence (knocking on door) (sighs) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) What do you say is very personal, not to say about your existence. That's what you want to do. My home. My home. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing)Pause That's low.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause If you have a bit more commitment to me, set up a musing me as a save. I send you a little bit of coin phrases, that'll be nice. Jails, so I also... Oh, that's a big question, a big pile of knowledge. Oh, my goodness. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> Hey guys. >>INAUDIBLEsighssnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessniffles (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)clickclick (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE Right, be nice person to do a lot more. Yes, you're right. You. Oh, you are, you see. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) But if you're not more attention, you know, it's a bit more endless to use, it's more Let's move on to the next one, I see.SIGHSSIGHS Right, close up.SIGHS No, it's not like this. Yeah, she's contemplating the rest of it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.SIGHS (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (indistinct)SighsSighsSighs Where is it, Tom?SighsSighsSighs Let me say it.SighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, Taki, (sniffing) (sniffing) - Truckie, truckie. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) *sniffing noises* *sniffing noises* *singing* *singing* *singing* I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'll show you how to do it. I'll show you how to do it. I think it's a good idea to have a good time. I think I have two sexuals and I know we're just pointing out possibly boys but no, we're just still there. I know we're constant, so I don't think so. I just see what's out of the kill video of the, uh, okay, I'm sorry.sniffsniffsniff (sniffing) (groaning) (groaning)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence There it is, like a policy. I don't see it, what color does it give me as well? Is it Chinese something? That's right. (sighs) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going So he has a few things that I'm being. Well, I don't know how to help you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (laughs) (sniffles) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, it's better yourself and stop wishing for this. We can all do something different. That helps more people *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* (swooshing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) - How many could they? (sniffing) (sighs) (soft music) - You're right over it. It's all so, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, And that was, uh, I want to put it there or, uh, about one million dollars, and that's here and, uh...sniffingsniffingsniffingsighssnifflessnifflessniffles (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) - Hello? - Hello, San. - That's my phone, sir. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm gonna have a moment, I'm just gonna have a little bit of it. That's it, I'm off to it. We'll need to move on with it. Over here. That's where we need it, I think.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)no speech detected Hmm. Ah! Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Oh, that puts a fire. Oh, that's a fire. (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (gasps) (gasps) (mouse clicks) (mouse clicks) (mouse clicks) Silence >> What is that? Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you. Yes. Thank you very much. Let me see.PausePausePausePausesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't even know what I'm doing right now. I don't even know what I'm doing right now. I don't even know what I'm doing right now.sighssighsspeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagesighsspeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and I'll just put it in there for a moment. That's all for today, and since Boris Farrilai is the whole door to a sect, Malaysia's highest extent, over the interstellar war should come, and I find also more daughters. So, men and women are most doubtful. I think this option is going to be here in the next video, so I'll see you in the next video. For any model, I'll let Steve upset the midfimilar one. Thank you for watching.SwooshSwooshSwooshsilencesniff (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesniffsniffsilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to put you on the table and you'll miss the whole part of the music, but that's what it's going to be, and I'm going to react to it.Music I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like a little bit of water. I'm going to put it in here and then I'm going to put it in here. the police, we're all in the Bratina, it looks like it's going to be a good deal. Here's the bathroom, if you can't check it, you can't see it, if you can see it, if you can't see it. Silence (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence >> It's up. Silence >> We have to say. Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence I don't know why you're here though. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I don't know why you're here. I don't know why you're here. I don't know why you're here. I don't know why you're here. I don't know why you're here. I don't know why you're here. I don't know why you're here.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEXBOX SOUND Silence Silence I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. Silence (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, I'm leaving, I'll turn off the filter job and then it's all ok, it's all ok, it's all right. I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don'tsilence Pause PauseMusicMusicMusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to go with this one, right? I have to get one more game on my top of the room. I have done a lot of small things. I have used to do that in the series. I can't see the actual thing. I can't see the actual thing. I can't see the actual thing. I just want to look at you and see what you're using, so I'll close it in.Music There's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear, there's no fear Thank you very much. Hold on, turn that side over, and set for leader, the Eldios, the Bras, the Solomod, the keyart, the Pavilion. Ninety-need, this is like the morning. I had it. Those were a pertinent sounds. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Pause PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit more of a new one, but I'm going to get a little bit moresilence (sniffing) Mm. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (crying) (crying) (crying) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) So remember, kill the voice player in life, he must be eliminated. He must be... You won't hold the surface of the earth. When I've had a choice, I'd make sure you lose that arch. Thank you for watching. (sniffs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sighs)silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (mimicking sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKING (knocking on door) Silence Silence Silence (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (groaning) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh, wow. (sniffing) Oh Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm (sniffing) (sniffing) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (panting) (sniffing) (grunting) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) - Whoa. (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (laughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (grunting) (grunting) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) (laughing) (groaning) OhCoughing OhCoughing (grunts) (sighs) (grunts) (sniffs) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSigh I'll open them and I'll love you. So...sighssighssighs Yeah. This is really nice, I'm careful on the mess. So I said this is me, but I actually expected you to take part in some sort of thing. But I'm looking for something. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughing) Oh, come on. (speaking in foreign language) Please, I should be. Be to see. Please, I hope you are at last. Please, I hope you are at last. Please, I hope you are at last. Please, I hope you are at last.silencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE You'll be able to do it. You'll be able to do it, and here on the other side, the patient was also stuck to the source, how can you sit there? Do you have any problems? Do you have any problems? Do you have any problems? So, that's one of the patients I have, I don't know. I have my film. I can't even tell. (snaps fingers) I think it's been so long since I've taken two weeks and a year ago. This is awesome. You You SilenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (whoosh) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying)silencegruntssighssilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Background Sounds Pause Inaudible Remark (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE It's going to keep on killing, killing, killing, destroying, destroying, destroying, destroying. So now I'm not making an example. He used to wonder if blocking all possible change away from all this negativity, all this description. All this faith, all this suffering all this debt. When he does no longer stand in the way that all of us who mean really well want to make things better might actually stand the chance. Now it's just doing stuff all you're running about, but we need so much sounds so in our results. Go on off. If that just stands here.silencesilence - Thank you. Pause (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) What we do is we can now put out the immodemus from the originalization. We use the basic development software. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Here's one X. You're going to lose it. This is the first time I've ever seen a X. This is the first time I've ever seen a X. This is the first time I've ever seen a X. This is the first time I've ever seen a X. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.MUSIC Background Sounds I'm here to fly. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (indistinct) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know what to say, but that's a little stuff on, but this is a thing called stuff like the initials, and with the profits of the wood, I've got a lot of things to do with the wood, and I (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) *sniff* That is the last set of the game. It's also a very good one. It's a very good one. It's a very good one. That's it. Pause Pause (coughing) I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'll give you an opinion on it. I'll give you an opinion on what you're doing. So at any moment, I'm going to need a class of 10-20, and I'm going to have to do that to the next day. I'm going to do that. So we both don't have that one, I don't know if it's still a slap in two or three rounds. But what's that? No, that's not precise. I put it in a better way than I could do it. I felt it, but I thought it was a little bit of a difference. It's a little bit. I'm going to fold it by the new one. Thank you very much. I have 6, I have 3, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 6, I have 6, I have 3, I have 6, I have 6 I'll send it next time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Pause You're putting these all out in the position. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. We're going to have a group of people who have done a lot of great things with Lithium and now we're going to have a D-I-Vorpion done and we have to do a lot of work. like last day from the moment well after school he hope is well I'll pass the moon three to nine to take it for a few of the hill very low and he's still on them and I'll see you soon I'll see you again then you (clicking) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Well, let's give it another one to the boss, I'll let's salvage it a bit. You're not sure, are you not sure? I'll just tell me you'll make sure I don't let them reload. We'll have a little bit of a glass, is that it? All right, so this glass is from my room. There, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, I'm going to put the glass on here. Background Sounds I think that it's a time to survive. That's what it's all about, and I'm going to give you a little project, but that's going to be a good thing. Why are you so dissapeared? I'm not a dissapeared. I'm not a dissapeared. I'm not a dissapeared. I'm not a dissapeared. I'm not a dissapeared. I'm not a dissapeared. I'm not a dissapeared. I'm not a dissapeared. I'm not a dissapeared. I'm not a dissapeared. So that's what I'm talking about now, and we're going to have a question for the press portal and discipline about the telepathic and the most important thing is that they have to be prepared for this. That there's now all forms of power. That's all for now, Bakr. For sure, the people might be interested in this. Thank you for watching. Pause Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think we'll all be able to get the next one there, isn't it? There's a rat in here, let me show you what it is.silencesilenceknocking on doorknocking on door Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Where is he, love? (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sighs) (sniffing sound) I'm going to do a little bit, no, I'm going to do a little bit, no, I'm going to do a little bit, no, I'm going to do a little bit, no, I'm going to do a little bit, no, I'm going to do a little bit, no, I'm going to do a little bit, no, I'm going to do a little bit, Pause Pause Pausesilence (speaking in foreign language) So just later, I'm going to call all of all of them. Oh, we make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. We make things worse. Silence Silence What do you mean you told about the 20 pins? I didn't think about it and now I'll do something for you in the thoughts room, and now you have to continue to do more with everything all the while because it was decided to do something that didn't think well about it, didn't do anything very much about it. So you need to show perseverance in doing something you didn't think about. That's a resubnian. If you put it up to show the balance of your ability, let me show you how to train on your ability and show some respect for all of the people that are so super lucky about it. So, do you recognize?no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudiblesilencecoughsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceMUSICMUSIC Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Soundssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, the next thing you need to do is to make sure that the line is actually near the position of the line. So, you need to make sure that the line is actually near the position of the line. So, you need to make sure that the line is actually near the position of the line. So, you need to make sure that the line is actually near the position of the line. So, you need to make sure that the line is actually near the position of the line. So, you need to make sure that the line is actually near the position of the line. So, you need to make sure that the line is actually near the position of the line. So, you need to make sure that the line is actually near the position of the line. So, you need to make sure that the line is actually near the Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Pause Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You are starting to become a ball of gold, isn't it? You are starting to become a ball of gold, isn't it? You are starting to become a ball of gold, isn't it?SIGHS Silence >> You need to do another thing of France. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, here is the door to the top of the room. Here is the room. The door is not very special. Here is the door. It is not very special. It is very special. Here is the room. Here is the room. Here is the room. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)MusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilence I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit of a problem with the game, I'm going to get a little bit ofINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS I'll see you guys later. Bye. you Bye.PausePausePausesighs (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)INAUDIBLE I'm going to push on the trickerity, you'll find it you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll see it, you'll I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity, I'm going to push on the trickerity Okay, when you fall in that's what we'll put this. Really, it's a really important part of that for a little bit. (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) What's set up for set up in FESA? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silencetyping (snaps) (sighs) I'm gonna see Max again. (snaps)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I have a lot of the pets that push my walls, push my body, call to my ear, still amazine. I don't want to go with grass, but I'll have some salty.silencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE I said, "No kid, this is wrong." Thank you for watching. (clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll put some in the lock now. I'll put some in the lock now. I'll put some in the lock now. I'll put some in the lock now. I'll put some in the lock now. I'll put some in the lock now. I'll put some in the lock now. I'll put some in the lock now. I'll put some in the lock now. (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm sorry, I said words. I'm sorry, I said words. I'm sorry, I said words. I'm sorry, I said words. I'm sorry, I said words.SighSighSighSigh I'm not, but it's just a problem, you know.sighs But you see you see your phone calls, especially us. Thank you very much for that.SighsSighsMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic and we'll see you all in the next video.MusicMusic Pause PauseSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDSOUNDsilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing)SIGHS I wish I would say I would say I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it. I wish I would not like it.silencelaughssnaps He's got some cool stuff on the wall, and that's it, I'm going to say that I'm going to be a little bit more confident in the last two weeks. I hope that it will be visible because I'm not going to be able to say that. I'm going to say that I'm going to be a little bit more confident in the last two weeks.SIGHS (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE (door clicks) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SighsSighs Are you going to see my truck in? I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking) (clicking)CLICKCLICKSNIFFSCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKINAUDIBLESIGHINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE Alright, stop by and save another house. How are you? I hear a sound from the house. I'm not sure about people who are watching. Let's see what's wrong with me and let's see what's wrong with me. (door opens) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (exhaling) (crying) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ Oh, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, Music ♪ Should have paid a million bucks ♪ (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Speaking in German Background noise I don't know if you have any questions or questions, but I would like to ask you a few questions about the future of the world. We have a lot of questions about the future of the world, and now we are going to talk about the future of the world. The world is going to have a lot of questions about the future of the world. We are going to talk about the future of the world. We are going to talk about the future of the world. We are going to talk about the future of the world. Thank you very much. I'm sorry, I can't see you. I can't see you. So, Jolyne, you can't see me. I'm sorry. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. I can't see you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music ♪ They then, on the same floor of the wall ♪ ♪ They got to come and see me ♪ ♪ And they've gone so near tonight ♪ ♪ Oh, so much, I'm here to see you ♪ ♪ And they've gone so near tonight ♪MusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's nice point all the time. I can never open the door. This is my outfit.MusicMusic ♪ And you're the one who's been telling me ♪ ♪ You're the one who's been telling me ♪ ♪ You're the one who's been telling me ♪ ♪ You're the one who's been telling me ♪ ♪ You're the one who's been telling me ♪ ♪ You're the one who's been telling me ♪Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Music Music Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Is there a good moment? What do you want to do with the bandit dance? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Now, if you're ready to start the game, you're going to be able to see a lot of fencing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And then for this, we'll see you next week on the next episode of Future for Country Play 2, Future for Country Play 2. But what about you, Mr. Othazis Othazis? Well, let's see if we can do it. Let's see if we can do it. Mr. Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othazis Othaz The other bus is not me. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to ask you a question from an apartment, so go there for a walk. I think it's very important to have a lot of responsibility and not to let people in need of the ground. I think it's important to have people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground. I think it's important to have a lot of responsibility and not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of the ground, not to let people in need of But you have to go to the supermarket to find out what you want to buy, and that's how it works, you have to be careful because the building is the building. The construction of the explosion has never been done before. It's called "Kolega Marten Knutzt" that is... It's not a gas explosion, it's just that our software is really good. I've heard that it's a gas explosion, it's a gas explosion, I've never seen a gas explosion before, it's not a gas explosion. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Speaking in German It is a good example that more parents with a son than they were at home in total. After 93,000 years, a year has passed and a year has passed, and a year has passed, and a year has passed. A red apple also has the same length contract with Athletic Command, which has been under the same age since 2025, that was the same. It's also the first song of 2022 for Atlético. It's a song that's being played at Atlantan Berkhamal. The club heard the song and wrote it as a similar song, and now it's the first song of the club, and it's the second song from Frankfurt. (speaking in foreign language) and then they could finally get to the top of the mountain. They were able to find a way out. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain. They could have been able to get to the top of the mountain.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ You're right ♪ (coughing) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (laughing) MusicMusic Music Background Sounds music feels like all my son, your students ♪ And it's time to get out ♪ ♪ They're coming to the trees ♪ ♪ Where all the tenants run ♪ ♪ They're right there and you'll see ♪ ♪ The unknowingly wealthy kids ♪ ♪ They're the ones who live ♪ ♪ I'm gonna meet the electric staff ♪ ♪ Just to meet me and you can change ♪ ♪ You'll find a way to be back and you'll be star ♪ ♪ With a beard, with a light of neck ♪ ♪ So cheer me up with a pipe, but get it back right ♪ ♪ You'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and you'll find a way to be back and ♪ You'll find a way to be back and you'll be star ♪ Music MusicMUSICMUSIC (audience laughs) ♪ I'll be back, forget about the words ♪ ♪ I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next one, I'll see you in the next ♪ I'll be back, forget about the words ♪ Music Music Music Background noise Background noise Background noise Background noise (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) new song where I'm in a orchestra and black is in a dog, seeing a song that you should love and hate it. That you know what I'm saying? The first week is that Maad Smith, that Englishman, but also popular in America. I see that in the media. In all the big American cities, we're playing, and it's almost over. One of the reasons. It's the same song, and the way I know it, it's the biggest fan show. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ I see my boy give me more ♪ ♪ They ain't no way, they ain't no way ♪ ♪ I don't know ♪ ♪ But oh ♪ ♪ But oh ♪ ♪ Brought this day, so be told to start a video ♪ ♪ There you can see it, there you can see it ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ I'll let me know that you're the best ♪ ♪ I'm living on my own ♪ ♪ My mind is in the way of my life ♪ ♪ I'm a man who's a lot of trouble ♪ ♪ My mind is in the way of my life ♪ ♪ I'm so sorry I'm too old ♪ ♪ I'm so sorry I'm too old ♪ Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Why don't you let the Drugs have one sitting there? (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music)Music MusicMusicMusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMUSICMusicMUSIC (upbeat music)MUSICMUSIC Music MusicMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Listen to it, Elvis, forever. I'm a totty. I'm gonna have to back me up. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll just ignore you, I'll be right back.MUSIC And we have won the war with a new sport called the EUW Audem Treitles here and an open door to the future. We are also in the Univport and the EU, or the Porte de l'Ele, and the trophy of this coming days. We have won the World Cup and we have won the World Cup and we have won the World Cup. I don't think you're going to have a good time, if you're going to have a good time with your friends. Either they're going to die, or they're going to die. If you're going to have a good time with your friends, you're going to have a good time with your friends, or they're going to die. news. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Music Music Music Music Music ♪ Yes, my good heart means to you ♪ ♪ I'm so proud of you ♪ ♪ I'm so proud of you ♪ ♪ Maybe I'm too proud of you ♪ ♪ I'm so proud of you ♪ ♪ I'm so proud of you ♪ ♪ I'm so proud of you ♪ ♪ I'm so proud of you ♪ Music MusicMusic I thought it was going to be a little bit more. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So you've got to get yourself into it. Yes, I've got to get myself into it. Okay, I'm going to get myself into it. I'm going to get myself into it. I'm going to get myself into it. I'm going to get myself into it. Okay, I'm going to get myself into it. Okay, I'm going to get myself into it. Okay, I'm going to get myself into it. Okay, I'm going to get myself into it. Okay, I'm going to get myself into it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ And if you're in the dark ♪ ♪ You're going to be in trouble ♪ ♪ If you're in trouble ♪ ♪ And if you're too late ♪ ♪ You're going to be in trouble ♪ ♪ If you're too late ♪MusicMusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music Silence We're going to show them. is what I've found here. This is an open-spire of online, something that's the grocery store that you'll see on the fair of content, straight on.Speaking in GermanMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusicMusic Maybe we should go to the wrong door. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music All right, I'm sorry, how long are these seconds? Inaudible RemarkMUSIC (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (laughs) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) Silence Oh wait, that's me. Thank you so much for watching.PausePausePausePausePause Silence Yeah. Yeah. Just to let this know that I'll leave it to you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can't stand. and there's all the points on that. They're going to look...silenceinaudible Oh, listen. Oh, no. No, it didn't. No, no, no, no. Just see what we got there. A little bit. No, it's a little bit. No, it's a little bit. No, it's a little bit. A little bit. No, it's a little bit. I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going to use my phone to get it done, I'm going I don't know if I can do it or not, but I can do it, I don't know if I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it or not, but I can do it I don't even remember that I'm being killed in a move. I don't know what's going on. I swear to God I'm so cold I swear to God I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I don't even remember that I'm being killed in a move. I'll get the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to the key to That's why you don't go to the long sea, see all the maps. Very sympathetic. I think there's no water, there's no swimming pool, and it's a possible to make you think there's no water. The main thing is nobody knows who you are.INAUDIBLE Okay. Here's a one-year-old, of course. To the very young, of course, and even a ten-year-old, and then we have a little bit of split fit. can do any of this. What can we do? We need to put in the name. What can we do? We need to put in the name. We need to put up the next name. We need to put up the next name. Now, we will talk about the money of our community. Now, if it's dead, we hear the system sound that it is for the community, and do not just look for the money.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesighssighssilencesighs Pause Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicinaudible Oh, well, no, no, no.inaudiblesighingsilencesilence Thank you for watching. So, you know, it's all good, it's all good, it's all good, it's all good, it's all good. No one else is seriously talk just go back for them. 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 4, 9, 3, 7, 0, 1, 6, 0, 0, 4, 9, 3, 7, 0, 1, 6, 0. (keyboard clicking) (coughing) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to put it on the top right side. It's all about... I have to put it on the top right side. I'm going to put it on the top right side. That's all for today's episode. If you want to know more about this episode, please let us know in the comments. Yeah, keep it up. I don't see a bomb there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I see a bomb in there, I I don't know if you can see it, but I don't think I can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it This is the 8th of November. This is the 6th of September. It's the 8th of November. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm going to do a little bit more stuff, I'm going to start, I'm going to do a little bit more bit more, I'm going to start. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don I'm going to get a little bit more of this, I'm going to get a little bit more of that.silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't know if it's gonna shoot me. I don't know if it's gonna shoot me or not. But I don't know if it's gonna shoot me or not. I'm sorry, I don't know if it's gonna shoot me or not.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, I'll seeMUSIC >>INAUDIBLE (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking I'm sure that people who are calling me are giving me the same advice I don't know what to do, but I'll see you later. I'm so sorry, Chris. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSICMUSIC >>INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighMUSIC >>INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detected (knocking on door) (sniffing) (groaning) (laughing) (sniffing) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if you can see it all the way through. I will pack out the new officers. This is... *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff*silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing)INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic You can only be in a lost, but in be in a lost. *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sne *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sne *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sne *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* *sneezes* (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (gasps) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) - I don't know, the names are too bad. Any other time, it's the whole-- (sniffing) (sniffing) - I don't know, I think I've been-- - I think I've been-- - I think I've been-- (sniffing) - I think I've been a good actor, then. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (laughing) (humming)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't want to take you there, if you press here, I mean here, if you press here, (sniffing) - No, I can't. (sniffing) (sniffing) - Go this way, kids. This abuse is in you and it needs to stop the levels, or it will be the end of the kind. I'll guess you are the big yellowish. Go away. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) No bullshit, I will never lie. Oh, don't think party bullshit. I always tell the truth. I will never tell the truth. I will never tell the truth. *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Come on. Ah!Sigh Ah. Hey, let's go up here, right? Take it out. Hey. Take it out, sir. Yes.SighsSighsSighs I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I'm hungry, I'll just sit... *scoffs* I'm not excited, I'm not... *scoffs* I'm hungry, I'm not... I'm not... Are you really saying that? I will make it in a total of a second, I will do a health chapter of that, I will make a new one, I will not wait to get new one yet, but here I will start with back home. I will play a little bit more, I will play a little bit more, I will play a little bit more. There's a speed dial on the dial. Is there any help?PausePause Silence >> Speaking in French Thank you very much. I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it I don't know how to tell you what I'm going to say. It's just a little emitsa, I'll see. Thank you. the you you you you youSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (keyboard clicking) Okay, that is it, so...inaudible I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. So, this is not bad, what to lose it's first time on a single track. You can do that with your shots too, don't worry. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. I'll take care of that. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Talk to us. What is the fencing? Here we are, we're all in there, it's a tentative loop, to all kinds of fencing systems. I'll still have a little bit of this stuff that I just got here. So, I'll see how I prove it's not the same. (sniffing) So, um, as you might have seen from the other side of the work, I'm here again, so I'm doing a blogging above. So, um, as you guys have seen from the other side of the work, I'm here again, so I'm doing a blogging above. and then we were really late, we could get out of the car then we had to go to a certain place where we were in a super-veil-lobed area and we were in the same car, with you and then we had to go to the other car and then we had to go to a certain place where we were in a super-veil-lobed area and then we had to go to a certain place where we were in a super-veil-lobed area If you don't want to eat that, you can eat that. Most people can't eat that much. You can't eat that much. You can't eat that much. You can't eat that much. You can't eat that much. one, you'll see that inside. Come on, I'll be starting, but I'll keep on not to ask if you need to. Observes, I'm not interested. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, well. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I'm not interested. I don't know if we can make it, but I don't install it. Ah, yeah. Okay, let me turn it on, I'll turn it on, I'll turn it on, I'll turn it on. That's more or less the last little content. I was a bit disappointed, was a little bit... Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I was in the last six pictures. I worked with that. Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very have been my insub-salm for a real touch. I am. Thank you. Thank you. We will run the last one and we will run the second one, we have to wait for the last one if we can survive this. Oh, wait a minute, I can't do that. Oh, wait a minute, I can't do that. Oh, wait a minute, I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you, I don't want to say anything to you I don't know the things that I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day. I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've I also know that I did all the kill on the dudes, oh yeah. I don't know the things that I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done all day, but I've done what I've done and other spots. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. That was definitely not very good, but we'll see, and now as far away all the colleagues are working out the whole group of them. So, didn't it work? I don't know if I am able to bring to the whole group of CS. I don't know if you can see it, but it looks like it's all normal here. So if you don't want to see it all, then... Oh, yeah, it's a new account, it's a service. Well, I'm not gonna be competing for it. I'm gonna end up standing on the cabinet time I'm pissing the Swiss hotel ship. We will only be left from here in the calcium, and that's all we will do today. We can't have this all in the... (sniffing) It says, "Oh, what do you want to do here? I don't know how to do this."silencesilence And then we had to do that. Because we had to try to do that. Because we had to try to do that, and we had to try to do that, and we had to try to do that, and we had to try to do that, and we had to try to do that, and we had to try to do that, and we had to try to do that, and we had to try to do that. So this is all one and the other word, 30% Bluetooth, 30% face to face, and all one and the other. I'm going to leave. First of all, I want to show you something from the basic things that we are going to do to create something that we can build, and that is not a necessary part, because we already have done what we want to do. We have to make sure we don't have to do anything. Do you know that? But you can say that we have a lot of things in your account. 1. So there is a good news for you, but you can't say that it's S. the new key is the ability to detect the brinkings at the common black signal or a black like see that on the actual settings. What they're most old is heeled blanket. That's really good. Also, it's even better than the others. So, the market can be an act. (sniffing) Well, the dick and neck are a bit of a shame, Mr. C. So, I'll see you tonight, I'm going to see you in the next one. Okay, I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. We'll do that and we'll miss you in the beginning of the day. We'll do it as soon as the day when someone doesn't want to do it. You You You But, really, you will be using the culture that I was on about when you've succeeded on one. I can't just tell you what I'm doing. If you notice, then there's a lot of them in that box. We'll be multi-conquete because I won't need to use our server with things there. The voice is in the unconscious end of voice also. I have no knowledge of this, and that's what that's for you guys, so there's a nice thing about the internet. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.silencesilencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark Silencesilencesilence and a number of things that are in the bottom of the room and that's not the case. I'll be right back. I'm going to read a few of your books on the website. I'm going to read them. I'm going to read them. I'm going to read them. If you see, mark the distance. See, it took in the Nogen DSL, what I do now, to react, and the place where we are going to do the blinding is what you want to do, and we are going to do it. For example, it is still there. Why do you always sabotage everything? But why do you want to go there? Of course, I want to go there. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think that we are going to end this video here. The users may be very likely to send all the stuff you can pay much more on the extra amount, so they can do any amount, the egg, the wolf or whatever that was it. But you can still call the kid all the season and there's an issue to ask for that. So...sighs What will all set in the marine with the direct sanctions you will move in the years for you to work on? So I just want to make sure. As many areas that would be so long or direct in the back end, I just want to make sure that they come all the way. Capot mark in knots at up, the farts, that's how it works. all the candidates who have never been to the past, where we can't get out of the hangars. That's not possible. So we have hangars and so we're all very close and not necessarily for the future. The problem is... No, that's not true, I can't do anything with it. Now I'm going to add a little bit of oil, and I think that there may be a scene after a series of stories, and also a series of situations. But Bois has not been there yet, so he has been living here for a while. something to do for a different time. the possibility that the leader can't be with. It's always worth seeing, like me or something. Why did you do that? Why did you do that? kids. Yeah, I don't know which will work like I have a zip for inch wheel and what they sent that for. There's a sample here from name, but I think that there are all, uh, it's found on the secret for within. So, it's not either of us. Yep, so, I'm doing it for each of them.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Thanks for watching. I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't want to be in a bad mood today, I don't (snaps) - Yeah, I think I'm gonna link a bit of it. (snaps) (snaps) (snaps)Music Oh, the congress was a very, very good one, and I think that all the better, I'm not bossing through the bend that can all work with the bend. I can't do more that for me.no audiono audiono audiono audioMusicMusic So I'm going to go man, I'm going to go man, I'm going to go man, I'm going to go man, how are you going to fix my life, I can help in the context that you never talked about. That's excellent for us. Today, to the point, great thing. Silence Silence Yes, but it wasn't that clear, so he talked about the same side of the boys' contract. Well, for a light-beat, I was signing the bonus.SIGHS I give them certain to be about to kill it. That's only so far. I didn't be close to him at all. It's a perfect win. All things I'm not going to ever count on in the end, but it's all in the end. What was I going to do again? So now I'm going to do a little bit more of this. So I have a healing foaming in it with all the blood in it, and that's what I'm about to do. If you can't balance, you're not going to have any contact with us now. Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs But I can't say that I can't say that I don't know, I'm not gonna talk to this. I couldn't do all of them though. (sniffing) (sniffing) I could have been in the parking lot and I had been in the parking lot for 20-20 minutes. Good room, what's your name? I have a few questions to ask you. Come to the master's office.MUSIC (clicks tongue) (sniffs) (clicks tongue) (sniffs tongue) - We're on the end. - You're on the turn. - Oh, my gosh. - We're on the lead. - You're on the turn. (sniffs tongue) (sniffs tongue) I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. That is the turn off. I have to read the tone above. Do you think that is the right one? I don't know what to do. We are going to get the package and... I don't know if you will, directly be here. So, here's your track sales. Yeah, that's all I was about to say. That's all I was about to say. So, if you want to see the daughter, you're just going to ex-fuel her. So, that is not that I am off, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman, I am a copsoman and these were the items. That's a very good point. I mean people If you want to get the commitment, then you need to be really happy that you can get the new one. That's correct. I don't know if it's going to be a good one. I'm going to tell you what I'm doing. What do I do? (sniffing) Thank you for your time, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you very much. I think the Viltz will be able to find a way to do it. It's a bit more of a bit of a bit of a mere level. Well, so we are going to start with our, we have a call, respectful scene and I couldn't hear you.INAUDIBLE That's what I could see on the other side of the screen, I mean, actually, it's a little little bit better than the 8th bulletin' else. Okay. I'll see you as well.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I push to the middle of the house. and we interact with each other and tell each other some of the challenges and we hope that you have the hope of the future and we hope that you have the hope of the future and we hope that you have the hope of the future and we hope that you have the hope of the future and we hope that you have the hope of the futureINAUDIBLE So, we'll try to have a focus focus focus, and then we will continue our new commitments done, it's "Serious" and "Drike" from a week back. Take all the bitcores from every county app. Also "Drike" was enough, and we are done now, and we can eat here until we are on the day it's bottom, and if we use this one, we'll have to use this one. Here's it's all for now. I will tell it to Dr. C from there, for you to leave it. I'll tell it to you. I'll just show it to you, and then I'll go to the next one. I'll tell you if the control worked out.silencespeaking in foreign languagesighs Hey, pal, what are you doing here? I'm going to take you to the bathroom.MusicMusicINAUDIBLE I'm just going to call him any minute, I'm going to come and say, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,silencesnifflessnifflessilence I'm going to turn the engagement, I'm going to turn it over to the other side of the camera. (speaking in foreign language) because otherwise it's a nice thing. Not a year, but a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you. I don't know you, I don't know you.silenceinaudible (keyboard clicking) Background noise Background noise Background noise (sniffing) - Relaxing. (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (laughs) - No, the Nobel Prize, I'm gonna... (snaps fingers) I'm gonna put it on. (snaps fingers) If you want to do this, you can do it. What do I need to do? Why do I need to do this? Why do I need to do this? I need to do this. Why do I need to do this? Why do I need to do this? Why do I need to do this? We don't have a lot of us. Okay, that's a bit... (sniffing)INAUDIBLE and then I look at the picture of the picture from the picture from Michael to Marlensville, and then we say that we are not together. You I'm going to miss you all the second time, I'll tell you, I'll prove you're wrong. Oh, Waltz. Here's the whats? Oh, it's nice not to win, it's nice to focus upon, now I'll have to close the pop Yeah, for moon. That I do keep adding graphics. So faster than the verwiting the house for this respect. Then I'll be right back. I'm going to put it in here, but I'm not going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here, but I'm going to put it in here Well, the taxi is at the Pizu. Thank you very much. Silence Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (crickets chirping) - There's a head floating. (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (indistinct chatter) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Birds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirping (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICK (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MusicMusicMUSIC Thank you very much. thePausePausePausePausePause Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Inaudible Remark I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you, I'm going to be in front of you Thank you so much, but we can just look forward to it. Now we're done. I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going to do a little bit of similar stuff, I'm going That's it, it's 20. Without consequences, we break, we destroy, we kill. Well... The life of certain friends, like that, because... What remains for this kind of divotism... ...not more than that.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Let's take a look at the rest of the video, I'll tell you about it later, let's see. I hope you enjoyed the video. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I want to get at least one and see what's this, you know. But in the end, I think it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it in people's, but in the end, it's a good idea to do it (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE I don't have a pen, you could be as a volunteer attached here, but I also have a piece like a goldfish nested on the years in work, it's too bending, and it should be in a particular size, I'll need more. I also have blue. We'll just call them on a new facility. All our human ghosts, ghosts of heroes, it's also my house. Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to beat this out of that. and then we will have a very good taste, and then we will add the rest of the ingredients, and then we will add the onion, and then we will add the onion, and then we will add the salt, and then we will add the salt. It's going to be a mess to do it, it's going to be out in a second. I hope you don't feel bad that you need this.silence >> All of theINAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And here they are, big materials. I want to kill Walsers. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* I'm still able to see that it's a little bit different from what I've seen before. I'm going to put a mirror on it, I'm going to put a mirror on it. was a lot of equal. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. the . >> Make some noise at the end. I don't think I'm going to be able to accept it anymore. Here is my only moment. I don't think I'm going to be able to accept it anymore. I don't think I'm going to be able to accept it anymore. I don't think I'm going to be able to accept it anymore. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)INAUDIBLEsighsMUSIC You pretzel over me, damn fuck. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. We don't have any computer, we don't have to want to use any computer, we can't open it, we don't want to open it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I'll do the other thing I'm going to do.silencePantingPantingPanting I'm going to put this away or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or in the other way or inINAUDIBLE It's pretty old, but I'll be honest with you now, so I couldn't take any of those actual words out of the shop. Next, I'd like to ask you about the 222, the deadly king, and I'll be honest with you, so I'll be honest with you. That's it, that's it.SIGHSsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffles) (sighs) Silence Inaudible Remark Silencesilenceinaudiblesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much for your time, and I'll see you in the next video.INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Hmm. Hmm. (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> Interesting. Pause Pause Pause PauseMUSIC (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSIC (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Music >> Keep the door open. Background noise Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence (sighs) (sighs) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Ah, I'm not a buzzer, I'm fine. (door slams) (sighs) I'm so mad at him. (door slams) I'm so sick that I couldn't eat him. I think it's the Heritage of softness. I think it's the Heritage of softness. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilence Here's a little bit more than I would think. Yeah, any more little triples? Yeah. (laughs) (grunts) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (sniffles) (sniffles)INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilence Talks, uh, say the, uh... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (groaning) (groaning) (sniffing) (groaning) (clicking) Alright, look at all the equipment. Ah! (sighing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)sighsSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (sniffing) (grunting) (whimpering) (whimpering) (whimpering) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)sighssilencelaughterlaughtersilenceSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSigh this, you'll be able to do it. Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)GaspsGaspsGaspsGaspsGaspsGasps (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) >> Oh, no. I'm going to have to go to this cat center. I'm going to leave for the job to cook the menu several hours.sighs It's almost over.sighssighssighssighssighssighssighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusic and that is of course a lot of work. Mark is very nice and very nice. Ha ha ha! *Groans* It's very nice and very cute. It's very nice and very cute. It's very nice and very cute. It's very nice and very cute. It's very nice and very cute.MusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Who is most pre-reads, and the three of us will vote for this. Peace. Peace. Peace. (phone ringing) (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSNOISE (knocking on door) (sighing) (sighing) (groaning) (sighing) What's with that? You're here, eh? (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> That's all for the sound of. >> Any other thing? I don't know, I used to have a lot of money, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but I don't know, but Yeah, I can do all the bit. I'm at the shabber. Let's see. Could be stuck on the little magic. I can't believe it. Yeah, we need to get out of the mood. I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this. I'm going to add a little bit more of this. I'm going to add a little bit more of this. I'm going to add a little bit more of this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) >> In those perspectives I was in. >> Okay, see. >> We didn't get to see enough. Well, did you see that he did this extra all? Nope. Oops. Oh, yeah. Hmm. (grunting) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Thank you for watching. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHS (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSIC (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSICCOUGHsilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (groaning) (clicking) (clicking) I don't know how to do it, but I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I The best reality is the nostalgia film. It's not all smooth. The title of Man Yeast can make you stand on balance. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees. Argees.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) - Snoggeriri, you're not here too. - Hmm. (sighs) Come. I must be honest, I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrySIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yeah, I wasn't thinking of the system, I was thinking of the system. It was a loop. Yeah. Yeah. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (swoosh sound) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) Yeah, yeah, it's a lot of recording sucks up, but I'm gonna get to shoot. It's always down there, it's about to move.SighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSigh Well Um You You You You You You You I'm not sure yet, but I'll see you in the next video, bye bye. That's my pre-release. There is a challenge that I'm going to do. I'm going to be a real bad guy. Nice to be on the other side. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighing) (keyboard clicking)Sigh Hmm? No.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I think I'll probably... *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (sniffing) (exhaling) (exhaling)MusicMusicinaudible I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I'm going to wait for the one in.SighsSighs (laughs) - Fine. - Oh my God. (gasps) - Oh. (upbeat music)silence Hmm.sighssniffles Mmm.sniffles (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (speaking in foreign language) And that's what I'm going to do with the end part, so I'm going to do this with a good side, and now, on the other hand, nothing is up here, nothing is up here, and then, on the other hand, it's better.silenceMUSICinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC (sniffing) (sighs) (crying) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know, I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I don't understand him anymore. I'm going to start the other day, it's up to me, I was there. I don't need the first thing, I'm going to be able to catch me on it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not I don't know, I can't do it. I can't do it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)Music How cool is the tools? Is the tools? How cool is the tools? I just want to do a few, how? I'll talk to you later. (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) How do you think you can do it? Thanks for watching.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePause I don't want to do anything special, but I'm so into you. Yes, first of all, you're just like, if you're t-peying yourself, you're never meant to be. That's it, that's all you are.silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silence Silence (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I know it's happening, but I knowsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence SilencePausePausePausePause (sniffing) That's all good, you know what they have. Now I'm going to do it again. There is an old girl I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. (clicking) (laughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I can't see anyone. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) What are you doing? (soft music)silencesilencesilencesilence Yeah, my daughter sucks, uh, do I show them so? Okay, ready? Get the game started. Get the game started.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesniffingsniffing This one right on the top right on the center. I have some of the shafts, and here's what's in it, and there's the other one. This one right on the top right on the center.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'll tell you all in a little bit for a sculpting, some kind of neural, but big or big a little bit. Big or big a little bit, so I'll just need to tell you how I find that. What do you want to tell? What's the fake ball in the hotel? But here, let's go and tell you the ratio. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffles) (speaking in foreign language) I have to tell you that I have a problem with this. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about, but it's a little bit different from what I was talking about Yeah, it's been here, it's been a little late. No, it's not. I don't know if it's actually the principal, it's been a little late.SilenceSilence There was a very long time we had a lot of time to go to the garage. The machine was always very good, so I kept it in the last night, but it was very interesting. So we had to go to the garage and see what we could do. So yeah. I'm going to start to attack him, but it's going to be a little bit of a problem.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to go back to the other side of the table. So, I'm going to go back to the other side of the table. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll see you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, peace out. hand from this side. So now I'm going to take you to the paper, I'm going to put you in the case and cut the little piece of children. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE I'm going to start with the first step of the process. I'm going to start with the first step of the process. On the other side of the screen and on the other side of the screen. Thank you for watching. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to do something like that. I'm going to keep dark yellowing. Pause >> Okay. >> Okay, now I'm open to it. I'll see you at the showroom in a little bit of the... ...shoot. I'll see you at the showroom. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (sniff) (door slams) (door slams) the . Then you'll see the sauce to all the stir-glace.INAUDIBLEMUSICINAUDIBLE Okay, I'm about to go on a knee here, I think we're going to have to go on a knee here. just don't take much and we will be about that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'll leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. I'm going to leave up for that. (singing in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilence Also, I'll see what I can do. There are a lot of them, so I can tell you that they are very different. They can be seen on the website as well, but they don't have that. What is very different is that they don't have that. But then it's easier to do a few years. Silence >> Brinkley. Silence So there's this is the leads, you can also get, if you want to, you got this, ultimately with the hacking approach, this is, 5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-5- the hacking approach, five, five, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, I'm going this way, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Silence (claps) >> I'm done, I'm done. >> So. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) You have bullets? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Good thing, I don't know if it's all a bit of a speedy. Yeah, I think it's a physical, a bit of a politic, where it's always a bit of a problem. I don't know if it's a bit of a problem. I don't know if it's a bit of a problem. I don't know if it's a bit of a problem. I don't know if it's a bit of a problem. I don't know if it's a bit of a problem.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Topics, signals. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oops.inaudible Just as I post, uh, this may be this, this may be this, this may be this, this may be this. >> With X-incent roads, X-incent roads, the barcodes. SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilenceclicksilencesilencesilence They can do the rest of the room well.INAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Silence SilenceXBOX SOUNDsilenceclapsilencesilencesilence Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay But, hello, since you've been on campus all over the world, I've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance. We've been on a great day in the distance.inaudibleINAUDIBLE I'm going to make some noise. I'm going to go through the bottom. This is what's happening in the school. I'm almost trying to do this.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't like this, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't like you, I don't Silence Silence Silence SilenceCLICK It's a damn tree. It's a good start, but I'll be honest. I'm done there, I'm ready to finish all the pieces. Well, do you think you say that so? (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudible I'll see you in person.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) I don't have those, no shadow, I'll split it in half. I am imagery. Parked. I want to request... to make those. Hello, those two things, I'm going to put a new watch with this, uh, hold on.POPPOPPOPPOPPOPPOP I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it (speaking in foreign language) I don't know, maybe not too many there, oh, probably miss. My first day The kick was set to 6,000 Belgian francs, so that's divided by 40 years. What's in a year is it not that much? I'm going to do a couple of different signs on any one else.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Background Sounds Background Sounds I can't read the E-publin, but the E-silver and the E-publin is still there, but I can't read the E-publin. I can't read the E-publin, but I can't read the E-publin.inaudible Well, I want to assume that the opportunity to start here is short but I don't have a lead. If you want to start here, you can start here. What's in the middle? Let me see what I have.silencesilence But this is the final procedure tomorrow, see you again in a little bit more. Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) you you you you you you you you you Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Silence Silence Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. (gasps)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudible Inaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleMUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark But also, this is the most important thing for me to think about is that we start with the other things that you are feeling, you will be sure of it, all others are still there, but we will continue on this and I will see you next time.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEinaudibleMusicinaudibleinaudible So we're going to announce the two of us playing the way that we see people here. Okay, I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I So we're going to announce the two of us playing the way that we see people here.inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible I'll see you again in the next video, thank you for watching. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible It's not about the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the original, the originalMusic Inaudible And I think we'll be on the other side of this building. So I think we'll be allowed to get on the same side of this building. So I think we'll be on the other side of this building. Because it's not that religious. So I think we'll be able to get on the other side of this building. So we'll be able to get on the other side of this building.Musicinaudible So now all you can say is that you throw a note to start off with this key. If it rolls, you'll still feel it can get you in for a little bit of a flash. But she didn't have that, and the security is also a fear of war next day, and if you have a packet, this is it. If you have a key, you'll still feel it, and if you have a key, you'll still feel it. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark InaudibleINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noiseMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible InaudibleMusic Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudible This is a successful impact on the 50% rate of the sales per year. It's not a personal side of the thing. It's not in public here at the same time. It's not going to go into the community from this time. It's going to be a part of the community. It's going to go into the community very well. So we're not going to do it. It's not going to go into the community very well. It's going to go into the community very well. It's going to go into the community very well. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language)inaudibleMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Oh, Lord, let's fix it. ♪ (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible and then you're boss, you're supposed to be doing all the show, doing girls with a lot of stuff. You're not going to be allowed to do that, just to kill some of the girls who are doing what they're doing, and I'm pretty sure it's going to be so much fun to be able to see the kids show, and I'm going to play with a piece of video with a piece of video that I'm going to be doing today. Now now, I'm going to be doing some yoga. I'm going to do a multiple lot of yoga, Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Background Sounds There's no doubt that you should believe that there's no doubt that you should know that you don't have any doubt that you don't have any doubt that you don't have any doubt that you don't have any doubt that you don't have any doubt that you don't have any doubt that you should know that you don't have any doubt that you should know that you don't have any doubt that you should know that you don't have any doubt that you should know that you don't have any doubt that you should know that you should know that you don't have any doubt that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know that you should know thatMusicinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusic Thank you very much.Music Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Musicinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible And we, without this food, have no stage for us. Let's leave it here.Music Music Silence Silence Inaudible Remarkinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark This is a fact, it knows we have a piece of ocean with a polar object. We do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we This is a fact, this is a fact, this is a fact, this is a fact, this is a fact, this is a fact, So I think of that, and for you all, we still have a window, so I can spot the lights. So I can see all of our guests in the house, and I think we can see that the window is so beautiful. So I think of that, so I think of that, and for you all. So I think of that, and for you all, we still have a window, so I can see that the window is so beautiful. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much.inaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) in the last two. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (indistinct) I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark If you can solve it, you can't fail to face it, you can't fail to face it, even if you can solve it, your friends will lose, you can't fail to face it, you can't fail to face it. Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language)MUSICINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.Music Background Sounds InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Ah, there we go. Let's go. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. (laughing) (grunting) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (indistinct chatter) Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEGasps Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.Music Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (inaudible) So in some form, I could expand. One, or another, and then you'd want to stream on the internet. One, and you might be, is that, Inaudible Remark If you're looking for some wonderful years, you're looking for some wonderful years. I think it's the same thing as you've always said. There's a difference in this. I think that's the right thing to do. You're looking for some wonderful years. I think that's the right thing to do. Let's see, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. So, we're going to go this, I'll show you. Inaudible Remarkinaudible (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudible Background noise >> Same thing just. >> Background noise Inaudible Remark No. Oh. Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds This is basically the first time I've ever seen a person in a family. I've never seen a person in a family. I've never seen a person in a family. I've never seen a person in a family. I've never seen a person in a family. I've never seen a person in a family. I've never seen a person in a family. I've never seen a person in a family. Inaudible Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicMusicPausePausePausePause InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsPause (indistinct) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible RemarkMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Thank you very much.Music Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible SilenceMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Background Sounds Background SoundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC Thank you very much. Inaudible Inaudible Remark (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible Remark Music Music I hope this video can help me to make it happen. Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (indistinct chatter) Background Sounds Inaudible Remark This is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the same thing, this is the Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Thank you. Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic The status of the debt going system has undeniable and strong sense having a master. When you came to the boss, you can't wait up wait for him, and he works hard for his thinking, and when I came to know all the work, I felt that the feeling was simple. The super-saving medicine is a possible possibility of hand wax. There are a lot of questions being in that. Inaudible Remark InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleMusicinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.Musicinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Thank you very much for your time.Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. Music Okay. I'll see you there. I'm gonna see you. I'll see you there. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Inaudible Remark I believe it's because I'm in university. There's a good idea of it.MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark This is really, so I hope this is something I would never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never Silence Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silencesilence Inaudible (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs)MUSIC Thank you very much. Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm just, you probably don't. You really don't want to. Inaudible Remark The gist of the false work made the human out of the family peace. Well, the king will be the house of the man. Oh, I'm very sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm very sorry. Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudibleinaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (inaudible) Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudible (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible But if you need to feed him, then we have that. But if you don't, then we have to go need to be careful. But I would just really need him to talk a lot. If he didn't provide me with all that stuff, I would be like, "How are we going to do this?" Yes, I would be like, "Okay. We're stuck. We're stuck. We're stuck. We're stuck."inaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Background noise Inaudible Remark Background Soundsinaudible Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Soundsinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark I can't sleep. You must have long been an angel, really. Thanks a lot. Thank you for your patience. But not that. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for your time. Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background SoundsinaudibleMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusicMusic Inaudible Remark One is in the other shades.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)MUSICMUSICMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic I'll let you know I'm going to work on all of those things that you can do for us. There's a very good thing is that when you're on this stage, you see a lot of events. There will be a lot of fun, there will be a lot of fun, there will be a lot of fun. Before we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then we'll hang on, then I'll be going to work on all of those things that you can do for us.inaudible Inaudible InaudibleMusic Background Sounds Background SoundsinaudibleinaudibleMusicinaudibleMUSIC Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remarkinaudible Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you,inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Thank you for your time. In their laboratory, there is a stable, deep, comfortable, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, physical, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much for being here.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Inaudibleinaudibleinaudible And there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is no mention, there is noinaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark and all of us in this old world. So, both simple and non-worldly spend, and you look at it and store it as you are, and all of it.Music Silence Silence Silence SilenceMUSIC SilenceBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringing (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (door slams) (door slams) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) Silence Silence Silence Silence Oh! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll try and make them do it for you. I'll try that. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. I'll do it for you too. (door creaks) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) Yes. I still have a thing to share with you and you thank me for it and I thank you for it. I'm not going to hold it in, I'm going to keep it on the second hand, and then throw it out. I'm not going to hold it in, so I'm going to hold it in, and it's going to be the two-option glass of fruit in the next day. I'm going to just use the two-option glass of fruit in the next day. So say you have to make another city once you've been in the normal city, thanks. So if you have to go up to the other side of the city, you have to make up for it. Oh, I want to talk about that. I want to talk about that. I want to talk about that. I want to talk about that. I want to talk about that. I want to talk about that. I want to talk about that. I want to talk about that.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm not going to watch that. (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) Silence >> That's a valid example.MUSIC (laughing) Rawr! (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) You're talking about that. It's not everything I've always seen. It was something. That was why it became a illusion. Okay. Okay.silencesilencesilencegruntssilencesilence I'll see you later. Ah, okay. At least it was good for something that wasn't good, and that's the thing to bring to a new association to your thoughts about it. I'm sure you're right. Pause >> Speaking in foreign language Pause Well, not really wrong, but I think that the calculations that I have needed are not touching anything to do this. So, I think that the calculations that I have needed are not touching anything to do this. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (coughing) - Hello. (coughing) (coughing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Pauseno speech detectedno speech detected (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Bye. I am in despair.LAUGHINAUDIBLE Just me that you are right, so I need to go first and again. It's all up to you on the sun again. But don't doubt yourself that much. The feelings of value.silence I see a cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover. Thank you for watching. you Thank you for watching.silence (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) I think I won't succeed enough here in the future, right? I'll see what I'm with you. I still want to try. So I need... I have, but you know I'm trying to fit. I still want more fun. But not only in India and Canada, you know.MusicMusicMusicMusic That's your recordings.