[00:00:03.49] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silence Silence SilenceBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringing (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.no speech detectedno audioCLICK Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audio SilenceCOUGH (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (camera clicking)silencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen.silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing and I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing and I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing and I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing and I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing I'm sick to have my duty on my sick to stuff, you know. I'm going to sit there like a pose. I'm going to sit there like a pose. I'm going to sit there like a pose. I'm going to sit there like a pose. I'm going to start on the middle of the room. I'm not so proud of him. I'm not so proud of him. I'm not so proud of him. I'm not so proud of him. I'm not so proud of him. I'm not so proud of him. I'm not so proud of him. I'm not so proud of him. I'm not so proud of him. I'm not so proud of him. I'm not so proud of him. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE This man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, this man, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We're sex on all of the intimacy that you have to deal with, you might listen to your person. Um, we're just going to take a little bit more time and then we're going to take a little bit more time. I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, In my mind I made a rinsex that I felt what really must be a loose marker, really must be a new one. It really must be a... All the best, the best, the best specter I've ever had. It really must be a new thing. It really must be a new thing. Most sex of so, I have a dull eye in my mind. I can't think of what it is. I feel like it's all all that I've said is so full of thoughts and to set my dearest reaction out, then this is it. Show one out at least, and do not miss, but once more. The stacks that you will see, point the stacks to the stacks. Download them, and transfer stack them. You will see. I'm going to put it here, I'll see.MusicMusic (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) I'm just going to need to make sure that I need to rest and see what I'm going to do. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause So, this is the next slide. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no speech detected Yeah, all right, I'll do it.silencesilenceINAUDIBLE (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) - It's very, very interesting. It's fake. It's a new. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence