[00:00:00.35] OneOdio FM1:	Tomorrow is not today I must tomorrow is another today today All right you you you you you (door slams)silenceinaudible that is in to all, you know? (keyboard clicking) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (keyboard clicking)Music I think I'm going to block it. We send a message about big set big set of Philip. Yeah, this is not a lot of money. What else? Yeah, so.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause We'll actually need to do something? No. We try something else. Learn from your mistakes. Learn from mistakes from others. Don't forget to subscribe to our channel. You You You Youno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected You can recognize how the style of writing works. So, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I writing. It's like the aggressive stress follow and yet almost creating hostility. Absolutely not what I want. Just want to get the message out. It feels nice. I'm not going to get the message out. Silence Silence Hey, this is you. Until you use the gear. PauseINAUDIBLE I wish it were to be wrong, please, what I see coming is just to kind of be the answer. Don't make this really be the tense. Make or break time. There's not gonna be a sign, there's not gonna be... ...thumb also lining and got it. Send it from there and it's probably up to me. Got it. Each man on the planet do the right thing together. Get that collectivism to know how he must go for it. Otherwise he will just keep coming into the digable. It's impeccable. That's what this is about, is everyone knowing how to survive? I'll just survive.SighsSighs Let's have this. I'm just going to keep pushing like this, I'm going to go. I'm going to measure the catch we have in the column.silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Inaudible Remark Silence (clicking) Please Pop over my sleeve Peter Ah (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Bye. Bye. Bye. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Pause Pause Silence Hmm. Silence (laughs) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (groaning) (groaning) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs)silencegrunts Background noise Background noise Background noisesighssighsfootsteps (knocking) (knocking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking) (sniffing) (knocking) (knocking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (groaning) (groaning) Oh Pause Thank you. Go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on,PausePausePausePausePausePause Background noise Silence Silence You know I'm not making sure I was done with this. >> Turn yourself all the way forward. >>INAUDIBLEsilence That's the core, that's the core. One. One million viewers. You know the viewers. Side mirror on me. Everywhere, also new, and that changed the position completely. You know something like a teacher, can you see it? You everybody can. Let's start. to have, no, let's start with it. Come on, let's go, let's do this again. I'll get it to complete in two more things. So I'm also leaving. I'm searching for a new one. and all that she has just walked away, you have to achieve a certain wisdom, a certain stuff you need to know. But once you do, you know that there's stuff in the world, our species, and kind, it's not ready to know, and you will just not think about it until That's so crazy this. Did you know about your daycare? Just so-yous.Music And now I just... will bring you... a bit of a nice match with special info, and I'll say "sister", I'll say "sister". I'll say "sister".sniffingsilence Sorry, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm sorry. Don't need a bigger ball. Baby, well, give everybody.silence What else do we have to understand? We don't have to drive anymore, I don't know. I don't want to drive anymore. It's fine. Yes, yes, yes, yes.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence The speakers can't slay me, you AS.silenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Silence Silence Silence Silence I'll be there for a follow me on this country because I don't mind you, but I'll be back. got me a good thing we're understanding that's the all refuses you know how I got me? hey, hey (sniffing) Now be pointed, tying and musketeers, come over to your pit of home, come along. Now tie the tie and tie the tie. Now tie the tie and tie the tie and tie the tie. (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) - Ah, two more.Music (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (mumbles) (laughs) (mumbles) (laughs) (laughs) (mumbles) (laughs) - Do a big thing. - I think you and I can do it right down to this guy by the way, champ. (laughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) Now I can't really meet any of this, and better ID, yeah, six miles to come on your path, nothing, and before that next month, I'm going to give you to start a really baby sex test to start doing. Don't mind For you have to be part of it You You You You You You (clears throat) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence how much we can do so much to run up this now because he can always kill me later. or bringing more trouble that don't you think this is time to really make change i'll take the one Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Well, I said that's for sure, but you're all on it. I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm not that decent, but I'm (sniffing)silence just sort of knowing that I decided to this I hope this line I kill myself, it's only now 15 times I commit suicide. This time it's burned, this time it's here, this time it's ejects some baltensis. It's through, it has to happen if it all becomes dangerous, otherwise we'll just send billions of people to truth. not just few world wars, even a few Holocausts, but some billions of people through two to four millennia, millennia. Sufferings they've remiss me, you know, most important thing to do that. Forging me now is not to be a prudent scientific fact in physics. Because the resource code type is always gone. There's a way to be more intelligent. I need to create more of it, create a sense, but the end is yet, there has to also be possible of course, end of the resource time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. (sniffing) So at the end, time to poll matter in the universe will accelerate, not the semi, the universe keeps on expiring, oh, I was just surfing outside, let's see if it will continue on that. to hold the manner which is being allowed. that converse, whatever loss is still left in to get it, I call it the big flush, which happens right before the big back then. space. The big bang please, space and time. Pause Pause make it sound like a universe that's just a bag of something you put in a deep freezer no chill, chill, everythingPausePausePause Yes, there's also one or two things, it's the universe, but it's the universe, and it's the declaration of human beings, and it's the declaration of human beings, and it's the right 30 articles to read by 30 routes, 30 routes, concept, there's not a lot of politics if you just please go and read them, it's not a lot, it's just one more sheet of paper, it's not one of them. The right to live, the right that you are I can't stay alive. They don't have to die so rough, you're born. You cannot do it.SighSighSighSighSighSighSigh I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno audio I'm going to share that I've still need to follow in my first thing, because I guess I'm going to have to use it once to take care of it. I'm going to see it.silence Silence SilenceSilence Sit.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkCLICK multiple better there was no cover, so what really got the lettuce? the lettuce now now the world's in fire you So it's safe to jump as you know, it's more terrible. I take here just to see what it is. You're a person. I suggest keep the whole thing into that, and until it falls over, just shouts. So the system is again by the people. people have 40 people. I'm a insider, I'm a voter. I'm an European College of Business. I'm probably drunk, but he has no status. He makes it out to me. Bye. (sniffing) - I feel someone is a bit de-correct. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You know, it's something you can't change now, where Congress is not having any say, except then that's part of the spread plan, and they're all agree, that we have a notion to see it, and the president has to listen more to the stupidity he is, and many people still confuse with the... Department of Defense, through and through the Infantry, by an organization that is not the same as the States, it's in its severed own bounds, their own agenda, it's not the I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry It's not a rush, it's not a challenge, it's a lie, I don't know. It's a relief, I don't know. They found on the STP-T8.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence to a person is still or again, or, or she, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or, orno audiono audio We know our leader is still in practice and we are still in the last game. We are beginning the volume in Europe. We are starting the volume in the last game. I said it's not something to be that sh*t, you're all professional world, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, you're the date, I'm gonna try to get through some of them, so I'm going to be in this load. I can always load the room, get rid of them, and see if I'm being telling you. All of the problem, yeah? Then they say it'll sex a little bit more and more and more, and put a snap of the elbow up.MusicMusic Silence Silence Thank you for watching. It can probably be tried probably the same. Easy. Now when you are consistent out to get you, you are guilty. That's what feels innocence, and then you get to all sets, building the innocence and trial would be unfair. No, innocence until proven guilty. Well, it's in the core of law, quite a media, for us fair, innocence until proven guilty. You don't charge, come now. person until there is a very deep departure. Especially on me. Well now I'll stay for a little while. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Let's move on. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilenceinaudiblesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Nothing else, big car paper, now 50,000 euros, only then they start to talk about some things. An off-talk will be. Please push them. to do this boom a light of colonies to pay this so they are committed to actually chiefs because they are in this isn't it mr. stay alive not that true (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silencesighingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE (laughs) (laughs) (gasps) Oh my, me, me, me. (laughs) I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water, so I'm going to add a little bit of (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Sighs Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence andsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. >>INAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) >> Oh, my God.silencesilence Let's go. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) tosilencespeaking in foreign language I don't know how long it's supposed to take. I don't know how long it's supposed to take. I don't know how long it's supposed to take. I don't know how long it's supposed to take.COUGH (coughing) Silence You know what to do when I'm standing there?inaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silencesilencescoffssilence Pause Thank you.silencecoughingsilence (laughs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (mimics clicking) (sniffing) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking)CLEARS THROAT (sighs) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) Silence >> So.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) - Whoa. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (laughing)Music Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) SilenceINAUDIBLE Down here. Oh, just a good sound. Yeah, I'm, I'm going to get a little bit more to, I'm going to get a little bit of,inaudible So, we got 25 now. So, we got 25 now. So, we got 25 now. So, we got 25 now. So, we got 25 now. So, we got 25 now. So, we got 25 now. Thank you. So, we got 25 now.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I don't know how to do that. (humming) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music)silenceinaudible I'm going to get into it. For the end of me, to the most of this. (click) (click) (click) (click)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of this, I'm going to get you a little bit more of Oh Oh All right All right All right All right All right All right Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE I'm going to sell all of this. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one, and not so, but another? No, I'm not. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. (sniffing) - Nix, nix, nix. - Noid, it's a spot, baby. Noid, it's a, noid, it's a, noid. - It's too much of a pig. - It's a nix, nix, nix.silencelaughssilence Want to ask all the sex? Really much more sex. Count these. I'm going to ask a boss. I'm going to ask a boss. I'm going to ask a boss. A boss. A boss. A boss. A boss. A boss. A boss. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)COUGHno speech detectedno speech detected And there's this golden bit. Oh Can I read I'm going to do the martyreds. Sorry about the height more. I'll have to go ladies and ladies. (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Silence Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible I'll keep you dead. Mm-hmm. No. No. I think I can leave my ass. No. No. If you can understand more, you will have no points. If you can understand more, you will have no points. I don't know if it looks like a machine, it looks like a machine, it looks like a machine, and that takes so much time. I like it. I don't know if it doesn't exist, but it looks like a long way to go. Nice! Be careful not to make any noise. Okay. Okay. Zoom in. Zoom in. (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm on it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Oh, no, you're not. Okay, let's do this. Okay. Okay. Silence Silence I'm going to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have Thanks. Thank you very much. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah.MUSICMUSIC (humming) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (horn honking) (grunting) (speaking in foreign language) (humming) (humming) (humming) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound)COUGH >>INAUDIBLE Silence Silence Thank you. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Oh, my gosh.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't want to get out of here. Oh, it's it! That's the other side.CoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE That's it, let me hammer that safe. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE So then, let's all read, so let's read. So then, let's all read, so let's read. So then, let's read. Silence Silence Silence Background noise SilenceMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yeah, I can kill you. Yeah, I can kill you, I can kill you. Silence Silencesilence The right soon and the next soon, because we're so, we're going to have a lot of fun. So, we only control that in S/9. Now, let's just take a look. We can change S/9.silencesilenceno audio Oh, no, no, if we can solve my own mess, I can know that I know how to solve my own mess. Oh, can we solve my own mess? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) in both programs. I have seen it all. I'm going to have to do it all. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I don't have this. So that's what we're going to do.MusicMusic Well, I'm a good to see you, let's start then, one of those. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detected Silence Silence That's good. That's a good one. I'm going to get some data on these. That's all I'm talking about. That's all I'm going to say.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilence I get out there and call it a surfier or a call in the surfboard.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause And then Clendosian. Pause More. Oh, no, no, no, no. Close the PIDLX system.inaudiblesilencesilence I am told that seems to do, seems to say, I have to stomp... That's the first time I've done it. Oh, yes, I'm gonna climb. Do all the shifts, seems to say. Seems to say. I'm going to show it to you guys. I'm going to show it to you guys. I'm going to show it to you guys. Just do it. That's not necessarily that. Let's see how that's going to happen. No, that's not necessarily that.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I don't know if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm sure that this is a plastic oven in my room, or some of the stuff in my room. I'm sure that this is a plastic oven in my room or some of the stuff in my room. I'm sure that this is a plastic oven in my room or some of the stuff in my room. I'm sure that this is a plastic oven in my room or some of the stuff in my room. I'm sure that this is a plastic oven in my room. I'm going to put it in the middle of the video, I'm going to put it in the middle of the video. (coughing) Cell, cell, and the markups. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (scoffs) (scoffs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I may know this or I can't think of anything so. But this on me. I'm sorry. 3, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2silenceinaudible I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what That's up to the AI version of the ESPON. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.INAUDIBLECLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKINAUDIBLE So you don't need to go out and allow it to begin to go out. So you don't need to go out and allow it to begin to go out.Pomp and Circumstance Silence Silence And yeah, there's a hard finish, but I'm the only one who's still in the deck in the bottom of the deck. Two is in the middle of the deck. I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be (chuckles) Just see it, my name is Alec. I'm from the London, I hope, right? Mm-hmm, called you out. You have to see it, my name is Alec. In the sense of the mof was awesome. It went too late so much. So good now. Thank you very much. (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sighs) (sighs) (groans) (groans) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to to to to to to to to to to to tosilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic I don't know what to look at, I don't know what to look at, I don't know what to look at. I can't tell you that.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Pause Inaudible Remark Pausesilence Okay.silencesilence Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence (laughs) Last time I had a bad news. I'm already dead. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die.silencesniffingsniffingsniffingsilencesilencesilence Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Well, that's really not a problem. Yeah, that's it. (sniffing) That's human. (speaking in foreign language) We need to turn it out. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oops. Did I die? How did I die? Oops.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Pause Pause Pausesilencesilence Silence I can't notice the balance of what's going on, which is right here, but it's right now. (keyboard clicking) Silence Wow.INAUDIBLEsilencescoffssilencescoffssilence Pause Pause (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)no speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detected >>INAUDIBLE I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say.MUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSIC >> What?MUSIC So, 7, 13, minus 10, 13, get cut off, and see that was a positive show. You know, when you're in the middle of the show, you're like, "It's all..." You're killing yourself, and you're helping yourself, and I'm going to tell you. Bye bye.sighs (humming) - Mm-hmm. - Oh, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (laughs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence Silence Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. (clicking) - Oh my God, I'm the son of a... (clicking) (clicking)silencesniff God, look, look, it's a challenge, though.silence Yeah, no.silence I'm too little going to sell this. I'm so sorry. Is that my long team? No, that's not my long team. I'm going to be in the long run. I'm going to be in the long run.MusicMusicMusicMusic Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedsilencesilence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)inaudible Yeah, I'm going to be a little bit more... Yeah, I'm going to be a little bit more... Yeah, I'm going to be a little bit more... *sniff* *sniff* (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) And that's what's in here really possible on my own. We said, "Doh, I'm not ready for leader, but I'm going to be in my own house." We're going to be in New York tonight. We're going to be in New York tonight. Okay. I'll come back. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (laughs) (sighs) (upbeat music) (humming) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (humming) (humming) And Timmy, you see what Timmy does? Timmy does. Timmy does. This one will be quite good, so we have to get it in here. The whole place is far away, so... (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Pause Pauseno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audioMUSIC (keyboard clicking) Silencesilence That's my mailman.silence (clicking sound) (murmuring)inaudible I don't know if that's the right answer. You have to add that on the other side. Okay. Thank you.silencesilenceno audiono audioMusicMusicMusic I thought it would be worth it if I didn't want to do it in the tent. But I'm really sorry if I didn't want to do it in the tent. I'm really sorry if I didn't want to do it in the tent. I'm really sorry if I didn't want to do it in the tent. I'm really sorry if I didn't want to do it in the tent. I'm really sorry if I didn't want to do it in the tent. I'm really sorry if I didn't want to do it in the tent. I'm really sorry if I didn't want to do it in the tent. I'm really sorry if I didn't want to do it in the tent. I'm really sorry if I didn't want to do it in the tent. I'm really sorry if I didn't want to do it in the tent. I'm really sorry if I didn't want to do it in the tent.Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) If you know what I say, I'm an 8 person. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. It's a good time, I don't know what else to do.Sounds of cutting woodSounds of cutting woodSounds of cutting woodSounds of cutting woodSounds of cutting woodSounds of cutting woodSounds of cutting woodSounds of cutting wood (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see you soon, my friend, I'll see (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to go towards what's in the last years. I'm going to go towards what's in the last years. So, normally, I know that I will fix the whole year, but I will not fix it, but I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it, I will not fix it I don't know if I can do this or not. Oh, I don't know if I can do this or not. I don't know if I can do this or not. I don't know if I can do this or not. I don't know if I can do this or not. I don't know if I can do this or not. I don't know if I can do this or not. Now I'll go forward.MusicMusic Silence (coughing) (laughing) (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know, I want to fix a bit of my extendable mess. I also wanted to respect the other people's content, why this is. (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Take it around here.inaudible I don't know how to do it, I just want to do it all the time. I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it all the time. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, we're right now with this, I'm going to continue to work on this for a bit. Thank you for watching. (sniffing) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) - I think I'm going to search again. I'm going to search for all the skills. (keyboard clicking) Oh no, this is very awful. It's clarifated. No, no, no, no, no. Oh, it's all this. Oh no, no, no, no, no. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)SIGHSinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceCLICKINGsilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE once, so once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, once, onceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilencesilenceno audiono audio >> My.silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look like I'm going to use this to make it look (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)LAUGH (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (sighs) Oh, it's time. Oh, access. Okay. I'm here last year, right? Okay. Okay. Silence Silence Now, I will have the note.silence Okay, in your mouth. Okay. Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Silence I don't know if it's going to work or not, but it's going to be a good time. (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Wow. Oh. Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (grunting) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Music Oh my god. Wait a minute.Musicsilencesilence Silence (groaning) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) - Yeah. (knocking on door) (knocking on door)INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> No language, you want to get the prior language? >> No. >> That's it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePause Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectednono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's a little bit simple to add, but I can't see anything, so I think I'm going to go out and see if I can eat it or not, and I'm going to have a cookie top. I can't skip the whole thing, but I can do a lot of stuff, I can do a lot of stuff, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do a lot of things, I can do I don't know if I can eat it or not, but I can eat it or not, and I think I'm going to eat it or not. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Oh, that's a good one. Oh, that's a good one. You Oh, that's a good one. I'm going to start with the last one. I'm going to have to make a lot of noise. I'm going to start with the last one. I'm going to start with the last one. I'm going to start with the last one. I'm going to start with the last one. the the So, I'll have that as...silencesilence Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Actically. First of all, I'm going to have to...Musicsilence Can you watch me to die tomorrow? Clear yes or no? Or don't know, I don't care.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs So I'm like, yeah, sorry, that's all right, that's all right. Let's try again with the other ones. Let's try again with the other ones. Let's try again with the other ones. Oh, look at that.silencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing sound) - This is it. (sniffing sound) - Here we go. I'm going to see it, it's going to be this and this. Thank you. Thank you. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)MusicMusicLAUGHno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedBuzzer (clicks tongue) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSOUNDSOUNDINAUDIBLESOUNDno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pause Pause Silence Silence That's it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it.silencesilenceno audiono audiono audio Silence Silence (door slams)silencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence >> I'm too early. Silence SilencePausePausePauseINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) I'll go up and help on the wheel to come up. It's really blank. I said, you won't even think about what happened. You'll never know what happened. You'll never know what happened. You'll never know what happened. You'll never know what happened. You'll never know what happened. You'll never know what happened. You'll never know what happened. You'll never know what happened. You'll never know what happened. You'll never know what happened. You'll never know what happened. You'll never know what happened. I'm not going to do it, but well, it's out. There's a lock out of the way. I'm also going to do it. I'm going to do it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePauseinaudible You should. and that's all for now.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesniffingMusicMusic I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm I'm going to put it on the other side of the bottle No, I'm not going to put it on I'm not going to put it on the other sideno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio >> I'll go.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing)  Come on, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, (sniffing)INAUDIBLE (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) What's that, isn't it? What's that, isn't it? If you're interested, then you must welcome a massive interview, please. Thank you very much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudible I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. Yeah, I was kickin'. What is that? Oh, this was up and sent, but that wasn't really a good spoiler. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected We'll do a boat fight where we'll bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- bar- I'll give it 10 and the other one a couple of them, you know what I'm going to do. I'm just going to take you down there, and then I'm going to lock my car over there. I'm going to use that in a second. I'm going to lock my car over there. So you have to have the key that I got right there. I'm going to put it here, and I'm going to put it here.silencesilence Silence Silence I'm going to use a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Silence Silence Oh, good, cheers.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE You can just add a little bit. You can just add a little bit. You can just add a little bit. You can just add a little bit. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLESIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Silence I'm not going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to you, I'm going to show it all to I don't know what to do. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. It's really not as bad as the one that I'm not sure the transition is all that's good for me. What the hell is going on? Oh, that's awesome, isn't it? (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I think that's all for today. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I'm going to go, yeah, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (laughs) Ah, I can't. What can I say? (laughs) (laughs) Ah, I can't. What can I say? (laughs) I know that I'm not saying. (laughs)SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS This is going to be a scene where they want to be in the police ring and we'll be making a scene behind the scenes and all that stuff, I'm more pacing than usual. Well, it didn't this time you want, because I just want to write to live, and well, this is and yeah, this is not going to help, but I hope it needs to flash from me today, but it's sweet.Music Bumba! What are you doing? (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICKCLICK I'm in the center.LAUGH Not to buy it, it's by no.INAUDIBLE What will you like to give back to me? You cannot hear anything today. What will you like to not get today? (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Those who have been more than the overdoers have had. They must have a walk in the back, or they have a walk, and then they have S animals, or else. S, and they have a pop-shadee, or something. They have an exercise or something like that. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence I want to send a loop to that and put it down on it. Doing this like dood banetus for all of the new bits is also made. That's it, and dood is dood and the new item is also done with a lot of clothing. I don't know what I'm doing, I'm just going to go to sleep and go to sleep.silencesilence Silence Silence Silence Thank you.SOUNDsilencesilencesilence (door slams) (car engine roars) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (exhaling sound) (clicking sound) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (sighs) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (door slams) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sighs)sighs Pause Pause (sniffing)silence (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Silence Applause (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilenceCLICKsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music)MusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKS Silence Silencesilencesilence MusicBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGS Silence Silence Silence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (Bell) (Bell) (Bell) (Bell) (Bell) (Bell) (Bell) (Bell) (Bell) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking)silencesilencesilence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) MusicMUSICPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Okay. Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause PauseClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (coughing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking) (clicking) (scraping) (scraping) Pause Pause PauseMUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilence SilenceMUSIC Silence SilenceMUSIC (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)CLICKCLICK (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCLICKING (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sighs) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (air whooshing)MUSIC (clicking) (snoring) (clicking) (clicking) (snoring) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence MusicMusicMusic (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (knocking on door)MUSIC Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible Thank you.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEMUSICMUSICsilencemusicmusicmusicmusicmusicinaudibleMusic Silenceno audiosilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) Thank you.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilence I'll shut the door in there.Musicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) Silence SilenceCLICK (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silencesilence Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audioCLICKING (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audio (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMusicMUSIC All right.Music Music Silence Musicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (whimpering) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MUSIC (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Thank you.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedsilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Music SilenceMusicMusicMusic (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Background Sounds Background SoundsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audioMusicMusicMusic (chattering)inaudibleinaudible (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (cow mooing)Musicsilenceclap, clap, clap, clap, clap (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silencescary soundscary soundscary sound (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking sound) (car engine rumbling) (car engine rumbling)silence (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)CLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGno audio (door slams) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)CLICKING (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (exhaling) Silence Silence Okay. Okay. Okay. Silence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSIC (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audio (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) Pause Pause Pause Pausesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound)CLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiosilencelaughtersilencelaughtersilence (clicking) (exhaling) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencePauseBELL RINGS (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (snaps fingers) Background noise Background noisePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)Birds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirping Silence Silence (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)Music (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silenceMUSIC (sad music) (sad music) (sad music) (sad music) (sad music) (sad music) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilenceCLICK (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (coughing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)silencesilence Silence SilenceMUSIC (door slams) (coughing) (coughing)Applause (grunts) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SOUND (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (dramatic music) (cow mooing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm gonna rush. Shh. I'm gonna rush. I'm gonna rush. I'm gonna rush. I'm gonna rush. I'm gonna rush.door slams I'm gonna rush. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceMUSIC (chiming) (chiming) (exhaling) (chiming) Silence Silence SilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSICsilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) Silence Silencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (crying) Silence Silence Music Silence Music Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)MUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause PausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceBELL RINGSBELL RINGSsilencesilenceCLICK (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Silence Silence Silence (sniffing)silencesilencesilenceMusicMusic Background noise Background noiseno audio (scraping) (scraping) (scraping) (scraping) (scraping) (scraping) (scraping) (scraping) (scraping) (scraping)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audioCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)Music (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (sighs) (door slams)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detected (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence SilenceMUSIC (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (thunder rumbling) (thunder rumbling) (thunder rumbling) (thunder rumbling) (thunder rumbling) (thunder rumbling) (thunder rumbling) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring)MUSICSOUND (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Anyways. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible Be willing to move back to me, and try to bring me forth these relationships that I've been in, and try to bring them back to me.silenceMusicMusicMusic Silence Silence (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (air whooshing) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (door slams)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Music SilencesilencesilenceMusicMusic Silence Silencesilence (coughing) (upbeat music) - One, two, three. (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesighing (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) Let's fix it. Let's fix it. Let's fix it. Let's fix it. Let's fix it. Let's fix it. Let's fix it. Let's fix it. Let's fix it. (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling)MusicMusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to check that should be harsh, harsh. I'm going to check through that.silence (applause) (applause) (applause) (applause) (applause) (applause) (applause) (applause) (applause) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) Silence (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silencesilencesilencesilence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)MusicMusic Silence Silencesilencesinging (laughing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilenceclapclapsilencesilenceMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silenceinaudible (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Background Sounds Background Soundssilenceclicking (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) - I left too much. I'm sure. (snaps fingers) Music MusicAlarm soundsMUSICMUSIC Music Music Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Background SoundsMUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence Ah, yeah, thanks.silencesilence and so on.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silencesilence Musicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door opening) (phone ringing)silencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMUSICsilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)Music access through the Lord's hands. access access access accesssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) Silence (air whooshing)Music (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (door slams)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (door slams) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (snoring) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (burping) Clash. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (cow mooing) Silence Silence SilenceSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighMusic Silence Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence SilenceMUSIC (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking)silenceclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclicksilenceclicksilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSICMUSIC I want to reach third right now. (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sighing) (sniffing) (sighing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Background Sounds Background Sounds (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (growling) (growling)Buzzing soundBuzzing soundBuzzing soundBuzzing sound (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (sniffing) (crickets chirping)MusicinaudibleMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (clicking)silenceinaudibleinaudibleSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barking (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering)MUSIC (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (knocking on door) (cow mooing) (cow mooing)CAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCLICK (clicking) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (door slams) (clicking) (clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence Silence Pause PauseMusicMusicsilence Ah, shush, no.silencesilenceMUSICSOUNDsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to show you this. I'm going to show you this. I'm going to show you this. I'm going to show you this. That's the last time you were left out, and for that first time you were left out. Thank you for watching. (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling)silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) SilenceMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)silencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Not mine.Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicks tongue) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams)SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePainting soundsPainting soundsPainting soundsPainting soundsPainting soundsPainting soundssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusic (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MusicMusicMusic (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing*MusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilence (clicking) (clicking) (sighs) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Piano musicMusicMusicMusicSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping) (scissors snipping)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (lighthearted music)silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clacking) (clicking) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MUSIC (sighs) Pause Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSICMusic (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) - Ashpen. (sniffs) (indistinct chatter) Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing)Clears throatClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicks (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (groaning) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (laughs)SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (clipper clicking) (clipper clicking) (clipper clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHS (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Silence Silence (clattering) (upbeat music) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (sniffing sound) (mumbling) (mumbling)silencesighsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing)MUSICPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence SilencesilenceMUSIC MusicsilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKsilencesilencesilencesnapsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Okay. Okay. Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) Pause (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (clicking) (clicking) (clicking sound) (chiming sound) (chiming sound) (chiming sound)silencesnaps fingerssnaps fingerssnaps fingerssnaps fingers (clicking) (clicking) (sighing) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesniffingsniffingno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audiosilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audio Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)CLICK Silence Silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence Good to know how to make some loops. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay. Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence I'm going to have to see the character in the last picture.silencesilencesilencesilence Silence (keyboard clicking) So, you can't really know how to share the pictures you're wearing. So, see.MUSICMUSICPausePausePausePause (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (whispering) (whispering)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) Pause PausesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic Music Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence There he is. I don't know if I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or not, but I'm a cat or notMusic (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicsilencescoffsscoffs Silence Silence SilenceMusicMusicsilencesilenceCOUGH If it's my own son, the son, and the leader of the universe, I will try to figure out what time it should be. I will do it again, I promise. There's an expression in the anti-challenge. I'm trying to figure out what's going on in my face. I'm trying to figure out what's going on in my face.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilenceinaudibleinaudible (clicking) (murmuring) (murmuring)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (coughing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Musicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silence (sniffing) Okay. Okay, guys, I did it more. (sniffing) (sniffing)silencedoor slamssnifflessilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusic (clicks tongue) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)XBOX SOUNDsilence Please help me, I can't sleep until you're ready to pay.silence (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing)Music playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playing I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. I wish. Pause (audience applauding) (audience applauding) (audience applauding) (audience applauding) (audience applauding) (audience applauding)silencesilenceMusicMusicinaudible I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I'm very good. I'm very good. I'm very good. I'm very good. I'm very good. I'm very good. I'm very good. I'm very good. I'm very good. (door slams)MusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilence I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'd be left with a fish. I'd be left with a fish. I'd be left with a fish. (crickets chirping) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking sound) (whimpering) (whimpering) (whimpering) (mimics sound)sighs (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Music (laughing) I have some techniques to improve my vision.MUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silencesilencesilencesilencesniffingsilencespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long, I'm too long Music SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSIC (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence SilenceMUSIC (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilence Musicsilencesilencesilence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)MUSICINAUDIBLEMUSICXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDMusicMusic And two weeks ago, I found myself as a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a person who I was born to be a personinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing)ApplauseLaughtersilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence I'll show you how much I need to get in it. Thank you for watching. Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICKINGsilencesilencesilence That hurts. I'm a little fun. But... I'm a little fun. I'm a little fun. I'm a little fun. I'm a little fun. I'm a little fun. I'm a little fun. I'm a little fun. I'm a little fun.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (door creaks) (door creaks) (sniffing) (coughing) (door slams)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing)INAUDIBLEsilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusic I think I should borrow that.silenceinaudiblesilence I can't be hurt. I can't be hurt.silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiosilence (swooshing) (groaning) (swooshing) (swooshing) (swooshing) MusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clap) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing)silence Alright.silencesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Musicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking)Music (coughing) (whistling) I'm sorry, I'm not gonna laugh at this. I'm sorry, I'm not gonna laugh at this. I'm sorry.SighsSighsSighsSighs (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)CLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGsilencegaspssilence I'm going to touch up the edge.MUSICsilencesilencesilencesilence (whimpering) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (clicking) (snoring) (clicking) (clicking)Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (clicking sound) (snoring) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (snoring) (snoring) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilence Okay, I'm in line. Okay, I'm in line. Okay, I'm in line. Okay, I'm in line. Okay, I'm in line. Okay, I'm in line. Okay, I'm in line. Okay, I'm in line. (clicking) (sniffing) (mimicking) (mimicking) (chiming)Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking Let's turn it on. One ounce.Bellsilencesilence (gavel thudding) (gavel thudding) (gavel thudding) (gavel thudding) (gavel thudding) (gavel thudding) (air whooshes) (air whooshes) (air whooshes) (air whooshes) (air whooshes) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedClapping sounds (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps)MUSICMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (crying) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (cow mooing)MusicMUSICMUSIC (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound)silencesilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audio Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Music Silence (knocking on door) (thunder rumbling) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)inaudibleMusic (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)SOUNDsilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (chanting) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)Musicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence What's wrong with that? I'm being shunned.silencesilencesilencesilence (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (sighs) (sighs)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)CLICKING (keyboard clicking) - And then say... (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Thanks for the shining sunshine. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilenceMusic The rest of the rest of the world.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC (claps) - Me. - You're not back then, are you? (claps)MUSICMUSIC (sighs) (sighs) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)MUSIC (sighs) (sighs) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music)SOUND (keyboard clicking) (paper rustling) (audience applauding) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)Applause (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silenceinaudible (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicinaudiblesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (sighs) (sniffs) Push in the action mode. (claps) To the shadows of love, and reach. (gunshot) (dramatic music) (dramatic music)silenceclapclapclapclapXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND (cow mooing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Music Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilenceMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilenceMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'm going to have to go to the bus station. I'm going to have to go to the bus station. I'm going to have to go to the bus station. I'm going to have to go to the bus station.inaudiblesniffingsniffingsniffingsilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh, no. Finish. Let's go, let's finish. Not too long.SighsSighsSighsSighs (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (indistinct) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (snoring) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)Sighsizzlingsizzlingsizzlingsizzlingsizzlingsilencesilence Music (sniffing) (classical music) (classical music) (classical music) (classical music) (classical music)BELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGS Music SilenceMUSICLaughter Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. (knocking on door) (cackling)BELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGS (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)Piano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playing (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilenceMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)PausePausePausePauseSOUND (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)Pause (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silence Silence Musicsilence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Music MusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Inaudible Remark MusicMUSICMUSIC Music Music Music Music  My wish is my wish is my wish is my wish.   My wish is my wish is my wish is my wish.   My wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish.   My wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish is my wish   Music Silence Music Music Music MusicMusicMUSIC (laughing)Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible MusicMusic MusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMUSICMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Thank you. Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicMusicMusic (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter)MUSICMUSIC MusicMUSICMUSICMUSICINAUDIBLE There you go.INAUDIBLE (chanting) (chanting)MUSIC (audience laughs) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Music MusicMUSICMusicMusic Music Music Music Music MusicMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicinaudibleMUSICMusicMusicMUSICMusic  Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-MUSICMUSIC Music Music Music Music  I'm not your child, child, child   I'm not your child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child, child,Music MusicMusicMusicMUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMusicMUSIC Thank you for coming. (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing)Musicsilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Pause (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I feel like I'm going to get back to the topic, the heritage. I should rush the further. I feel like I should be solving the level to try and make certain things. (sniffing) (sniffing) That looks... Oh, there's more. (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (claps) Background noise Background noisesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (door slams) Okay, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax, relax (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing)SOUNDMUSIC (crow cawing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencecoughingMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Music That's true. (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Shhh. (sniffing) (sighing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence (knocking on door)CLICKsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence I just want to come to you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence Oh, sorry.silence Oh, shit, dude.silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound) (crashing sound)ScreamsScreamsScreamsScreamsScreamsScreamsScreamsScreamssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clipping sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (snoring) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Okay, let's do it. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. I'm gonna put this aside and put it in the shower. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusicsilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing sound) (crying) I don't want to shed my shoulders. I don't want to shed my shoulders. (crying) Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua Shuhua (sighs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (clicking) (clicking) (laughing) (clicking)CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (crying) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)inaudible Um. I'm going to move on. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencemusicsilenceMusic Yeah, let's do that.Music (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (door slams) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) I'm shunny.Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSICSighsMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (chanting) (chanting) (chanting)MUSICinaudible I'll show up. I'll show up to this moment, I'll show you. I'll show up to this moment, I'll show you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (growling) (growling) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (chanting) (chanting)INAUDIBLE But every arm is sometimes a special special that's a bad rule that has a bad habit. But every arm is sometimes a special special that's a bad rule that has a bad habit. I have a great touch. You're not shunned, you're not shunned. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (door slams shut) (door slams shut) (door slams shut) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking)MusicXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND (claps)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedCLICKCLICKCLICKApplauseApplauseApplauseApplause (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I should have blocked it. Okay, here's that. Here's that. Okay, here's that. Okay, here's that. Okay, here's that. Okay, here's that. Okay, here's that. Okay, here's that. Okay, here's that. I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't hurt you, I can't Silence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (snoring) (coughs) (sniffing) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicapplauseapplauseapplausesnapsnapsnapsnapsilence Music Sound Effectssilencesilencesilence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryMusicMusic Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming) (drumming)silencesilence Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Silence (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCLICKINGsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence There she is. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusic I have so long to live with my dear friend. Thank you very much for your time. You Thank you very much. (clap) (clicking) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okayMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (door creaking)silencesilencesilence (crying) (burps)MusicMusic (snoring) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (bell rings) (bell rings) (bell rings) (bell rings) (bell rings) (bell rings) (bell rings) (bell rings) (bell rings) (bell rings) (bell rings) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering)silencesighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing sound) (whimpering) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)silence The show of colour and colour. The show of colour and colour. The show of colour and colour. The show of colour and colour.XBOX SOUND (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHSsilencesilenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm sure that I'm suresilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)Music I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryXBOX SOUND MusicINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilenceclapsilencesilence (knocking on door)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseSilence SilenceCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKsilence Silence Silence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)Clears throatMusicMusicMusic You're a fun. You're a fun. You're a fun. You're a fun. You're a fun. You're a fun. You're a fun. You're a fun. You're a fun. You're a fun. You're a fun. (claps) (claps) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (inhales) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Silence Silence Thank you. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Silence Silence (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs)MusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Sorry.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) Okay, we're going to get to the end of this video. Thank you for watching.Music Hey.silencesilence (laughs)MUSIC (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.MUSICMUSICMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Okay, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, nosilence (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEsilenceinaudibleinaudible (phone ringing) (phone ringing)SighsSighsSighsSighs (air whooshing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence I like to do a lot of editing. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying)Music (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying)silenceinaudible I'll touch it. I think you do it. I'll touch it.GaspsGaspsGaspssilencesilenceClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throat Silence SilenceMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (crying) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (door slams) (air whooshing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (clattering) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) SilenceBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirping I'll show you how to do it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence (crying) (crying) (crying) (mimics snoring) (mimics snoring) (mimics snoring) (mimics snoring) (mimics snoring) (mimics snoring) (mimics snoring) (mimics snoring) SilenceCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK I've received a report from the discussion. So that answers. I've received a report. Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Silence SilenceSOUNDMUSICPausePauseMUSIC Silence Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) Silence Silence I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can't hear you on it, I can'tMusic (clicking) (sighs) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silence