[00:00:00.56] OneOdio FM1:	no speech detectedno speech detected (sighs) (choking) (choking) (choking)MusicMUSIC Ah, ah, ah, ah. (groaning) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Silence (grunts) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilence I've used the middle.silence If you go this.silencesilencePausePausesilence Silence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio So, I'm going to do this again, I'm going to do this again, I'm going to do this again, I'm going to do this again, I'm going to do this again, I'm going to do this again, I'm going to do this again, I'm going to do this again, I'm going to do this again, Silence Silenceno audiono audio Yeah, please, good night. Yeah, all of it. Yeah, yeah. All right. All right. >> Be happy with the signal that is happening.INAUDIBLE Thank you. Thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very muchSilenceinaudible I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll see you next time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no speech detected Silence Silence and . Let me go to my mouse. I'm going to go to my mouse. I'm going to go to my mouse. I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little Okay, I'm on the left hand side, and you have the wrong direction. I'm on the left hand side. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause PauseinaudibleinaudibleFOREIGN Silence Silence We have to question about what's the rule of thought, what minds of thought, and what (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Pause Pause PauseMusic (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't know about this since I see someone standing there, sitting in the back of my foot, that's fucking me. I'm not sure if it's still in my mouth, it's just a little bit more. and we'll call our maximum opportunity to bring it in. Now my other specific keynote also must have been made and there's also an answer to your body but part of the super power series and I'm going to send you an email for it and I can never let you like me a little bit on your call to it, but there's another tune I want to highlight on this channel. and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you have to go to the toilet and then you (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)PausePause I'm going to put this on the back of my head and I'm going to put this on the back of my head. I'm going to put this on the back of my head.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to go up to the other side of the screen.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence SilenceXBOX SOUND So many dollars and dollars. So many dollars and dollars and dollars and dollars. So many dollars and dollars and dollars and dollars. So many dollars and dollars and dollars and dollars. So many dollars and dollars and dollars and dollars and dollars. So you should be as fast as you can, and I'll tell you about that in my whole talk, and I'll tell you about that piece of the template, what you're talking about. So I should be more honest, I'll tell you about that piece of the template. I'll tell you about the template, I'll tell you about that piece of the template. I'll tell you about that piece of the template. Background Soundssilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePauseno audio Silence Silencesilence Oh, here I am.silencesilencespeaking in foreign language I'll tell you in the next video, I'll see you in the next video, take care, bye bye!Musicsilenceinaudibleinaudible (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to have to go to the hospital and see if I can get a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor a bit of cream, she's so good, we're so good. I'm just going to be honest with you. So those are the kind of energy that come around for you. for the whole dish up, but we're going to end this up with a bit of chicken bone now. This is also better to be honest with you. Now I'll give it a shot. Thank you for watching. Good night.CLICK I'm going to be there for nearly 30 seconds, 15 minutes. So let's see how this is going.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence So we're gonna have a rest too. (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) Silence Silence Good, good. 10,000. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. SilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesighingsilencesilencesilencesilence I'll see you next time. (keyboard clicking) (indistinct) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence You know, I need to follow along and do what you do to say to me and I'll do it again. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yeah, I'm kidding, it's not showing me the map now. I'm not going to do that in the bottom of the shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna say shit, I'm not gonna I'm not just following yesterday, I'm making shit, I'm gonna do it, I'm just about to say shit. Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Inaudible Remark Silence I'm not gonna tell you what's going on. that I'm going to be doing. I'm going to be doing a lot of things. you I'm going to be doing a lot of things. Thank you for watching. Yes, let's put it right here, we'll see it's too good. (mouse clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background noise (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected It's a surprise to me now, didn't I, we follow this? I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. another all that we've told them, that's it. Thank you for watching. Oh, no. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silence Inaudible Remark and then you click on that.Music Silence >> No. I'm on the other end, that's it. and then the volume as shown in the middle of the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover, and then the volume as shown in the cover. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)SilenceSilence You know, that's where I'm somewhere. I've shown the corners in the middle of it, in the dark side. Using the others on the left and the right in the middle. It's a couple of more. It can be more difficult, and I was on the modules because I saw the other one coming. I didn't pull. is always what you want to do, and that will be a lot of stuff towards you, and that will be a lot of fun. you you you youno speech detected I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the So it's not going to come up on the screen on this right side on the left side of the right side of the right side of the right side of the right side of the right side of the right side of the right side of the right side of the right side of the right side of the Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I said to all of you coming out at the end of this panel, we will see you soon. I'm looking forward to this afternoon. That's only the amazing thing. You're on an image. Pause Yes. Pause Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to use the other side of the head. I'm going to use the other side of the head. I'm going to use the other side of the head. I'm going to use the other side of the head. I'm going to use the other side of the head. I'm going to use the other side of the head. I'm going to use the other side of the head. I'm going to use the other side of the head. I'm going to use the other side of the head. I'm going to use the other side of the head. I'm not a hero, but I'm a guy and you have to act in it, because you're the only one. No, it's just a magician. No, no, it's just a magician. No, no, it's just a magician. No, it's just a magician. No, it's just a magician. No, it's just a magician. No, it's just a magician. No, it's just a magician. No, it's just a magician. No, it's just a magician. No, it's just a magician. Yeah, there's another one. Oh, it's so nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.silence I'm going to add a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I want to contact you on the channel to see how people can deal with John. I have no idea what to do with John, I have no idea what to do with John. I have no idea what to do with John, I have no idea what to do with John, I have no idea what to do with John. I have no idea what to do with John, I have no idea what to do with John, I have no idea what to do with John, I have no idea what to do with John.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible And I'll see you in the next video. I'm not very sure to give him an answer, just don't give him an answer, he won't be able to tell me.silencesilenceINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence but I need to demote it. Demote it and then I'll say, if I get demote it, I say do something wrong. But there's no real investigation into what is the thing that I don't tell them. Like you so, I'm talking to those. do what it's for so delete your own for a manipulation of this Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence We should have been in a lot of time, but it's at first, it's an expert's opinion, and then you have to go on with the design of the lessons and the investigations of the accusations. So where is this conversation going?silencesilence Well, the requires to be personal on the side of the whole country. the context and finishes, brings it all to the sound of what needs to happen, what has to happen to us, what will need to happen to us, what is the purpose of it, it's the sound and then we have to go back to the ball and finish it and then we are done, and I talk to the court of things, and I'm just going to be able to make a new, so I'm going to stop me on the article that they have mistreated across my story and that there's also some noise and you're okay with this, you know, I'm sure I'm going to stop you, I'm just going to say, oh, but we could have done that. and this is gonna be true, don't fake fake it, I'm sorry, I'm gonna tell you this, it will be more for complimenting, blah blah blah blah. I'm so aware, it's just more serious, you know. So this conversation was supposed to be able to make me understand that I am wrong to accuse the world block that is blocking my kill. building, the parking, the showing, to the point that the whole planet is put to a stand still in the community with your words. But that insight is wonderful. It's a point on a conversation, but since you lost confidence in the ability that you're able to make that point, in the way that this logic code is reasonable, and therefore we know the state of the conversation, and now I'm here in the direction that you want to call a state which is calling. That's what I suspect now. To be continued. Silence I have all the new muscle voices and And I don't know, not very authentic, so the main thing I can appreciate is the tensions. That's a voice buried in a so much camouflage garchettes that even that isn't clear. But I usually also mean that not able to save us. Why is it like not respecting secrecy or something? Silence does not exist officially. Before you do have to exist officially, it's still following up the street inch.inaudible Yes, and here we'll go to this, and here we'll go to this. Thank you very much. I'll try and define my resolution. I'll try and define my resolution. Silence Speaking in foreign language Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to be doing all the way around here to the top, we're going to see a lot of things going on here, and I'm going to be doing all the way around here to the top.silence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence We just sawsilence So, again, you manipulate the system up, and then solve it on your own, and then you can see the system up, and then you can see the system up, and then you can see the system So that's it for today's video. I'm going to show you the position. Let's take a short minutes. Set it to the bottom.silencesilence Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no audiono audio (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Actually, we'll be there to see what. So that's a bit of a shame that I called that one. I mean, I think that's a bit of a bit... Oh, I know, I know. So, I think that's a rest of my stuff.silence We're picking on the content of all of them, and so on, so that was it. that you just want to come to the latest event. The other one's just based on the mouse, but it's pretty fun, that's a real long class, which really happened though.silence I should fill the page and come on in with the file, and if you take a solid note, I'm not quite sure if you're sure. Okay, sure, sure. Thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Now the left is called "Ballon" and the left is the "Lon" and the left is the "Lon". Now the left is called "Lon" and the left is called "Lon". Silence Inaudible Remarksilence I find it useful to speak in another language, which is not my native language, not my native language. I just force you to learn more effort because of this modificate that enforces me to be even more rational, to put on a more objective way of thinking in another language, and also, I'm interested to think in the initial conversation, which is a step away from the spiritual perspective. I'm interested to think in the initial conversation, which is a step away from the spiritual perspective.silence And why don't you say so?Silence And I was so happy and confused. I'll see you in the next video. Silence SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Silence Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes What was that, what was that, the periodic feed? The show needs a bit of a serious damage. I can't see the law, because I'm a simple person. No, I'm compared to the rest. I think there's too much unfortunate law. There's more of that. I think so now. So I'm going to add a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit It's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not the knot, it's not (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Let's make sure I'm present. I think the problem of the world is getting worse and worse, and we are going to have a little bit of a conversation after a few months. So I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. I think it's better to be a young fan of this. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. That's who you're going to see here, can you tell me what you're going to do? I'm going to see what I've got to do in the show, do you know what I've got to do? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to switch to the middle of the first one. I'm going to switch to the middle of the first one. I'm going to switch to the middle of the first one. I'm going to switch to the middle of the first one. I'm going to switch to the middle of the first one. I think you have to think about what is making up the bottom lines. Because humans are resources. Not mentioned as else, but resources, but you know we look at them, I mentioned them as well. All of the things also played better for our team to do with the interviews of the company. I know we're a semi-finished product. I'm very much going to see what you call a government mistake with us all. We'll detect it. I'm not really used for much of an answering moment, I do this as well, so we're going to hit on the mirror. We're going to be motionary thoughts. It's just a matter. Silence Silence I was happy to think about you at the last minute, if nothing gets done, then the resources that are coming in the disposal are simply wasted. All of this is based in South China to increase productivity. The decreased productivity because of the toxic lot of places, obviously the decreased productivity. We would mean a lot. So toxicity, based on your lack of the roughness in the system, that's very similar. It can also be seen as a resource. Because it enables you to do another lot of bunch of proteins to be more productive, to be more innovative.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You're having a test of minutes already to it. You're always on things to be able to follow. and tell us to wait, so go on and ask for something. You know, we need to first see mechanisms where companies can regulate themselves, and avoid just slowing the antitrust things from companies know that if they get too much control of the same market that's not entrusted with the mechanism within I can't change that. Well, this is how we all can decide to split up the company. If you know that it's filmed, we'll be the waiters.silencesilencesilence Thank you. You know, you got to talk. You're a human being, aren't you? You're a human being, aren't you? You're a human being, aren't you? You're a human being, aren't you? You're a human being, aren't you? Silence Silence So, if I didn't copy everything, there was this in order not to innovate in certain things. Because all the other companies in Europe were not eating up to innovate in their own aerospace. the most selfish of nervous and the self-criticism, and that's national security thing. I am a kid. I see this statement there. We're talking about the industry. I think what the internal national security will be important is that the country or the policy has been off industry, and in times of war, it can be politically converting into producing weapons. If there's no enough bendistry, you can fact release the variables to look for any more of them. Then, that puts you in a reasonable ten terms of your national security. So what you need to do is to retract or to make conditions wide, and this real production is interesting in Europe, and you can make that more interesting why it's interesting for the foreign company to produce locally and not here in Europe. Well, the logical question is because less transportation is logistics means a sheep is That's the last one, it's the last one, yeah. Should always do production, no kidding. It is less good stuff around the world. So let's do four different things. Go to your course, you must. But even that is often not enough. But most of the ideas you don't... Power cells and companies free electricity or energy, or part of it, or something that could turn other references.silence (keyboard clicking) In case of worse, see in this corruption capacity that pays no attention to what it's used to be different. Silence Thank you very much. because we are very dependent on it. So, most of the media platforms are fuel security. Silence Inaudible Remarksilencesilencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark Pause Pause You can now look past this. Thank you. Silence Inaudible Remark Silencesilence Also, to respect for now, even in your own diversity in the world and to your own diversity in life, you might just hold on a little bit.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) Yeah, get back, you're an old human rights consultant, don't you? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Silence Inaudible Remarksilencesilence Pause Inaudible Remark Silence That takes time. That takes time. That takes time. Silence Silence and I am getting it. It's forbidden making certain things, manifestations of the legal animal. (keyboard clicking) It's good to resist a bit, but to say that I'm also in Brussels that is trying to do a lot of stuff, that is just missing forks and the should nots. I mean if you're happy, you're not able to be gay, you live as a gay person, you should just move from the other man's side, you don't need my recommendation. I'm going to speak with a little bit of the keyboard across here, that's awesome. That's why we have freedom of blue, that's why we have freedom of everything in Europe so making it clear.Pause But everybody's the majority of people's lists. even say the terrorists of people just don't agree to have all know we don't want us but we'll do it sheen we'll discuss it and against being a just a time is not right we'll do it we'll do itno audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected >> Maybe I will, yeah. I'm not talking about violence. I'll just stick to the basics, we only call them as we're all here and so on.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Pause I'll come to you. Of course, they're actually growing here. They're really going to look like some of the summary that I had to make. I need to have a summary, just go to the right to the navigation, those are human rights. I'm sure we can solve the choosing. Thank you.typing soundsinaudibleMUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence This is going to be cheaper, but we need to have a new market on this, and I don't because you have the rest of the size of the rotation curve. So, you can achieve the same weighting with the shape of the curve, and you can achieve the same weighting with the shape of the curve, and you can achieve the same weighting with the shape of the curve, and you can achieve the same weighting with the shape of the curve, and you can achieve the same weighting with the shape of the curve, and you can achieve the same weighting with the shape of the curve, and you can achieve the same weighting with the shape of the curve, and you can achieve the same weighting with the shape of the curve, and you can achieve the same weighting with the shape of the curve, and you can achieve the same weighting with the shape of the curve, and you can achieve the same weighting with the shape of the curve. No, that's something else. It's just starting this. I'm going to start this. I'm going to start this. I'm going to start this. I'm going to start this. I'm going to start this. I'm going to start this. I'm going to start this. I'm going to start this. I'm going to start this. But somewhere the selling for a price that is not fair so who is this and who is selling for 50 cents a little, and then we should be 60 cents to be so much, not losing money, preferably 90 cents. We'll always be public in some things that we need to know soon. elasticity that you need to understand is changes and more pricing and something becomes not broken with the produce, then it can take a little bit of time for that supply to shrink so that the price is increasing because of the supply.Music The stairs are big supermarkets, you're in Belgium. They have big contrast sets from all of them, and I must say they will develop different colours and preferable. I think it will be a bit closer to what I need to do when I do my own purposes. So, let's take a closer look at the colours. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audio We tend to have these local products that they sell, to dark label products that this is built, but this is coming from building products. I think there is good development of new stuff about this for once, but it won't be the changes in your market, I guess.silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to make a bit of an extra step, I'm going to make a bit of an extra step. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.no speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudible They already do that now, so I'm just going to see why we need to do that yet. The last service just came out wrong. You know where everybody's wrong. I need to think about it. So there. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Well, if I say yes, then you're in a way to sound strange, but it goes. I'm not projecting a few to write a mound of envy, which kind of, kind of, don't you I'm going to try to correct my limits. I'm just not going to solve it because it's only to say what you actually make it like to try to make people understand. Okay, this thing ought to be justice, corruption, crime, but you still have to crime yourself. You're going to stop all this awful things you're doing to want to be... ...stop nagging... I'm going to put this in here and now it's going to turn on the side and this will be necessary for me to put it in here. So this is just because you're all going to put it in here. Silence You're trying to make me just me understand that you have more control influence over my mental capacity, so I think it's a little bit of fun too. If I need to understand this, well this is like a demonstration of how much my cultural works are going to be, and then through. So.silencesilence So I like that you're not just sadist, but I really...silence You have now all my posts to understand that you have more mind-controllable information over me. If you say that you have, then I won't try to fight it. If I will, I'll never be able to understand it, let alone accept it. Pause Pause Pause Well, I just got for two days, after, yeah, before that happens, takes me out for day, before I get a clear mind of getting makeup to show, I will cover it out. I said in the notes that I missed it. I'll have to repeat it. Two hours a minute.silencesilencesnifflessighs Yes, I'm good.silence If you're all about to get a few out of your feet. Yes, we will test the topics, some things that might... Try to rush me, isn't it? Yeah, I'll rush me to this. is sufficient. We want my hands ready to fart all of this. We try to time. We are ready to do what I'm supposed to do. We probably blame ourselves. We are ready to fart all of this. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'll show you how I like to get you off the ending. I guess it didn't work out. Let's go ahead and see how it works. Thank you for watching. You Thank you. Pause Pause One is say that you see, maybe.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Well, I'm not hearing many voices very clearly right now and individualities, so I'll see it's been a tough show. This is our show. I don't know. I hear some good intentions, but still not based on what you're saying. I don't know if you can just turn it around. I'm not going to turn it in with the key in the mouse. I'm going to turn it on.silence Silence Silence I'm going to go to the next one. My years are older, that's older than me. I'm standing with a few of you from the high city. There's me in the middle of the mid-side. People will have been participating in this mission to join together to learn more about this. I'm going to have a benefit of something. I'm going to pick a resource to... I don't know. I'm not sure sorry. I'm going to pick a resource to... I'm going to pick a resource to... I'm going to pick a resource to... I'm going to pick a resource to... (mouse clicking) Signal noise. Yes. So, I heard a CD for the D/T amongst, so, with people on the Stransal, saying that keeps on turning around with the next table such a board.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) If you can't see this in the middle, the worst thing that you can do is combo it's first what would you stand by and see? Oh yeah, it's like this, we can never do anything about this all, or do you even try to worsen that connection? I'm the problem. Slic. Don't send it to me. (sigh) (click) Silence Silence This is the code, it's similar in the code, it's the code, it's on one line, it's on one line, it's on one line, it's on one line, it's on one line, it's on one line, it's on one line, it's on one line, it's on one line, it's on one line, it's on one line, it's on one and put it on the internet. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. This test too thinks I'm going all in all of mine. So clearly I think we should not be reaching to it, but at least there I'm saying things and I don't always publish or write down. So there's something even if I don't call exactly what I am or something then you should be able to find it back because everything I say here I always be. a lot to my vocal cords, and then I speak without using my voice. The other thing is if somebody thought some new machine was present here and it's not quite sure if something was distorted or not, then you should be able to check based on the time and date. Well, I was saying, please. But around what to do with... ...to be in level. I'm pretty sure that should be in one of those recordings. I think I need to read this. Yes, all right. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, I'm going to start with a little bit more. There is a reason going in that direction. Are we asking? Okay. Yeah. Okay, now we... (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Yeah, the chance is the last one to go. Try to move here and most. Next up. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence and as a reading verb to say, do you really think, Once you are European friends will not help, go in to shout loud enough, the longer for people to see there's a problem. That is something I was going to tell you. It's not a responsibility. Now it comes out of the beach and I'm starving, I don't think anyone will say "Oh, I told you so, I'm gonna go out to him" I'm turning the corner before I move the thing Maybe I should call off and get a supply to burn those out of the frosted earthsCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGsilencesilence and it's easy to blame. It's all too small. It's so dark on me. There they go, there they go.no speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detected Silence So tell me I need to ask for help, so I'm asking for help and then you're saying if I think I'm going to help, what are you now saying?silence Now it's up to the battery to the battery to the battery to the battery to the battery to the battery to the battery to the battery to the battery to the battery to the battery to the battery to the battery.silencesilence Okay, let's see. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.silenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilence Like I said, I mean, it's been recorded, so...silence It was about coordinating among the few members' days to communicate at the decision of what we've had to do while it's also going to communicate at the resolution that we would understand. and then you will see the link in the description below the video, so that you can see the link in the description below the video. If you like this invisible corruption, you can see the invisible thing. You You And so this term will be about, not an event, but a term some more, and he's not Go on with that. Because I don't think I'm going to be so silky or too pale and I'm going to keep it. Only then I think you can only decide what kind of potion you should have. Right now, he's talked to me. We are not any to the showers for it, and we are not being allowed to be needed. to be told people that there's a lot of people going up to talk to the Pasadini. A lot of people are only being subpogee, not similarly, the messages to practice in a certain way, but in a certain way.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible I'm going to add a coin. I'm going to add a coin. I'm going to add a coin. I'm going to add a coin. I'm going to add a coin. I'm going to add a coin. I'm going to add a coin. I'm going to add a coin. I'm going to add a coin. I'm going to add a coin. I'm going to add a coin. It's about controlling information, so that includes translations. So that's what we're going to do. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) We'd buy it in a two-litre location when there is a VC, and that was on threats, but we'll try to set some. exchange of functions. I was being able to make sure I couldn't have lost any. I was able to make sure I couldn't have lost any. I was able to make sure I couldn't have lost any. I was able to make sure I couldn't have lost any. I was able to make sure I couldn't have lost any. I was able to make sure I couldn't have lost any. I think those journalists know that they have to say things which are not such a cultural cultural or cultural or cultural or cultural or cultural or cultural or cultural or cultural or cultural So this is wrong, wrong on this event, yes it's worth it, but that's already too late to try to make it, it's important to do it anyway. That's not called to any time. We still wish it. Why not? We're sure we won't. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry to protest as well, and also to talk about this, and then if we put protest against those screenwriters, we'll move on to those racist movies.silence which is sort of, which is sort of, which is sort of, which is sort of, which is sort of, which is sort of, which is sort of, which is sort of, which is sort of, which is sort illustration, you need for this more of a sandshadow that I'm not very decent and whatever else might think of it. At least you've voiced this frustration in the way that it's not a last-minute voice. The debate about this is taking place because.., and after that trust and the democratic institutions that do all the reattens, that those defend all its rights and its sovereignty. I think that I would say a spokesperson from the government, the government, this view for unfairs, should be able to reply to it to each of us, you know, the same thing. This and this and this. This is the real truth that you were wrong, you never asked clear, the thing to be said. If it is more opinion than this, no. That's that time, yeah, bring in the pinion, get more units, get more units, say much against some of the other pinion. to survive the massive parts is breaking their own thickness and much more. you you you you you you you Oh, that's the wish I need.silenceINAUDIBLE to the problem out except you have to realize with my company you have to stop the flow of refugees by doing this.typing soundssilenceinaudible It won't take its time to change. Anyway, the problem is usually with all of the features, but on the five modes, you'll have a lot of fewer visual songs from Germany's and from church, you know, just something I want to be able to see. Thank you very much. That's what people are looking for. That's necessary. Yes, it's all on Shlester. Yes, it's all on Shlester. (keyboard clicking) I'm trying to say that's the same thing. of ashes and more outlaws, and this y'all are still hard on boats.Music Silence Silencesilence This is insane, I need to think about this.laughsMUSIC SoMusic (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) I'll be going to miss a bit but it's about again now, well I am culturally Thank you. Thank you. I think it's all kind of... Well, whatever this you're trying to achieve, I'm sorry, I'm already told, I don't know, and then it's... sort of what you just were using for keeping troops in line with captain, then you're going to make other people and then I teach you to go to this one again because it's so not people know that I have to listen otherwise we have to be involved in one of us, let's see if I can. That was just so mean. I have to feel it a little, it's not specific so it's wrong.Music I'm going to add some people that are being told that the phone is now being my control and they have to feel that it's working because I'm so sorry for my noise. The phone is still working. a negative news. Not a word that I can be factor than one of the two subjects is for not having a meeting and not having my thoughts for whatever else again or more than usually. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Working, not working, sort of the daily news. It's so hot here, you're being out there, it's a very weird way. of trying to be that the enemies. Trying to show them what is it doing in the evening? Does it take so long in the evening?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audio Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silenceno audiono audiosilence Next. So, we have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Pause PauseSOUND I'm going to have to finish this. I'm going to see if I can feel the ball of a cone, track the ball to the C's over. I'm going to mute the C on it. We are simply not this far off, but this is so good. I'm going to click it. Background noisesilencesilenceno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll make you multiple circles.silencesilence We wonder if we do not need people in who are to use the stormy Daniels to stand. Don't let them mensfak. We will proceed from the real walking if they sit back with the door. That's all, near 20% sense. I can mention that there are no comments here, no comments here, but I can't. We will keep them in the second. Step on one. Step on one. Step on one. Step on one. Step on one. Step on one. Step on one. (keyboard clicking) Like Dr. Othello once. Thank you. Thank you.Music What is that? It's super direct. This is the idea that we will download as to what we do. Which value do we do? Jesus.silencesilencesilence I'm going to have to sit, to keep the effects, to do this, it's the same thing you can do while I'm talking to them. Right now, this normal looks can go, it looks up a bit more than you did, I need to getinaudiblesilence Silence Silence Pause (coughing) Oh my, my nose on the edge. The luck is the nose on the edge. (coughing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (click) Just need to look a little bit closer to me. I don't believe in the other sense, I work for you else, idiots, people who don't hear and I don't know themselves, to claim it, the last thing I'm saying is that it's not here to make it.silence I would like to thank you for your support and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me and your support for me I hope you enjoyed this video, because you can enjoy it. Please subscribe to my channel, if you like it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. Silence (keyboard clicking) - Sorry, dude. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence You man, tonight. Go ahead and see if I can move you there. >> Yeah, that's what I was going to say. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not going to count the beers, I'm not going to be loving the topic. There's seven men, they're not going to be living. One of the ten divisions needs a cake. I'll see. They're not going to count the dark. They're not going to be a men's city. They're going to be a men's city. the end of the analysis in the formative like it. O.D. idl and cart, with the other C.P.S.S. and the sum of two. Silence Silence She's nice to actually put some reserve in the code. Silence Silence You're going to have it told you never finish the only expression of final. You're going to have it told you never finish the only expression of final. Silence I think my turn will think that I'm back in the van once you've lost your beard up. I don't know why you don't want me to have some words to tell you.silence Silence Inaudible Remark In fact, I am going to use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use a normal club. I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don I am going to use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use the basic, because if I don't use a club, I will use a normal club. I'll see you there, see you in the next one. This is not big, but I also couldn't have a well-custard, see that if that's an even The only thing you see there about it in the pre-nail scene is that you mentioned it in the beginning of the video. All possible, you don't see it around. You can be sure that you're on the mess and it's all about peeling it. I should not do that. I'm going to turn it around and do it in the pre-nail scene. It's super, super, and then we try to open the ear. What's up, you see? Open the window and I'm going to mention up the ear. Well, I didn't want you to know it. I'm going to mention up the ear. I'm going to show you this in. Not many, even a little left, but another way to order. Maybe I'm not going to be able to pull myself out of this, I'll see you in the next video. I'm going to be able to pull myself out of this, I'm going to be able to pull myself out of this, I'm going to be able to pull myself out of this, I'm going to be able to pull myself out of this, I'm going to be able to pull myself out of this, I'm going to be able to pull myself out of this.silencesilencesilence Before we go.silence And you'll see, I'll show you how to make a mistake in the real one, I'll show you how to make a mistake. Not necessarily. I always need to add a mistake. I'll show you how to make a mistake in the real one. I'll show you how to make a mistake in the real one. I'll show you how to make a mistake in the real one. I'll show you how to make a mistake in the real one. I'll show you how to make a mistake in the real one. I'll show you how to make a mistake in the real one. I'll show you how to make a mistake in the real one. I'll show you how to make a mistake in the real one. Silence Thank you very much for your time, and I wish you all the best of luck. That's what I'm going to do now, I'm going to have to go to the bathroom and get some rest. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom and get some rest. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom and get some rest. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom and get some rest. We don't need it at all, but I'm not going to look for it, make it a little bit of a fuss. and we'll talk about what we see here. Silence Silence Thank you. more. This is in my mind that you need to interrogate me before you know, it's just like certain things are going into my mind. I think about it because it's a bit of a stage. So come on, can you? I think it will interrogate me about what I will think about the future situation that is not to be out today. So sorry, I am not. Thank you very much.silence Model, the other options. But this is still more of this or else could in the coming. So you I'm not going to support you, I'm not going to support you, I'm not going to support you. that comes up with the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, the real, Well, if you need to follow me, perhaps yeah. That's not so much that. All right. Did I already explain all the things all this was? to find the six that's supposed to turn it on into a bigger bomb, but I don't even know. That's the only way out. Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio Silence Silence I don't even know what it's all about. I'm not sure what they're all about now. I'm not sure what they're all about now. you I'm not sure what they're all about now. Just like there's some of the final approval and error. everything that gets decided that you want to be the one saying yes no.MusicMusic I'm trying to understand what you're saying. Because I didn't want to fully understand what you're saying. So try and learn to explain what it is you're trying to see. Silence Silence Okay, so this shows the Black Knight and just take it to the color possibility. Silence Silence Just to be clear, so this is about me sending an email about your clear energy before the Russia crisis started. So before we started to email to a personal political party in the Netherlands case about the planet, we should continue to invest on this. Could have made sense in spite of fact that it had already been decided to burn that down. I'm still a bit nervous when I'm relishing. So, in Russia, well, the grass is part of Europe, and we needed energy coverage. from elsewhere because I wasn't cast by it and then this was put back like a general of the clear energy in the system to continue you say that because I'm feelingINAUDIBLE I don't know if I thought you could do this and one thing's changed so it came up. You need to do this and that kind of thing. Oh no, I thought it was right along, kind of thing. Again, that's all I wanted to do. I don't know if I can help, but remember. I'm going to add a little bit of the center of the image. Let's add a little bit of the center of the image. a couple of small things but using the top of the address. You know, thanks. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence Let's see how it looks. Distorted and trusted into something else, not have a serious conversation, it's all about abuse and abuse of abuse.silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence one more than anything else, anything else but nothing else for any other electricity, no need to worry about it. Thank you. I'm not going to call it, I'm not being going to say it, I'm not going to say it, I'm Pause Pause So, I also felt that I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse and I could also come from Greenhouse andINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno speech detected But will we be against eating houses on the dressing room while we be against it? Even if you're also random. (indistinct) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilence 3 down, it's coming up side. 3 down, it's coming up side. SilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to leave you in the next video, so I need to get some of my cool tips on what I'm going to do. I'm going to sign up for this tour. I'm going to sign up for this tour. I'm going to sign up for this tour. I'm going to sign up for this tour. Thank you. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this and then add a little bit more of this, and then add a little bit more of this, and then add a little bit more of this and then add a little bit more of this, and then add a little bit more of this, and then add a little bit more of this I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon.MusicMusic So this is all the rest of the interests that I'm going to be sort of determined. So all the interests of art are going to be in the end. (click, click, click) (click, click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePauseinaudiblePausePause Looks like a few months in the day, a hanged balance. I'm going to be slim. I'm going to be slim. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence I'm going to try and use it so you can get better results if you want to start with me. I'll just need one. I think so. I think so. I'll take the other one. Ready?no audiono audio Silence Silence So, this is Eric Wong, saying I want to make him laugh, and I want to make him laugh. I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't know where to go, but I don't And that's what we want, we don't do it for the first time in the world, so it's really the same, but that's what it's all about, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and that's what we want to do, and And that's what we want to do for the first time in the world, but that's what we want to do for the first time in the world. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE team that's medical sequences, it's not. Thank you for your time. You Thank you. If you have any questions, please leave a comment and let us know in the comments. appreciate the money you want to see. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silenceinaudiblesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Silence Silence Well, what do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? What do you think about it? (keyboard clicking) So, I'm going to add a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit ofPauseno audio Silence Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic You are my husband, flexing, luxing, or whatever. You just sit around. You don't have to move up right there. Stained. You're not a sodium, you're not a sodium. You know,MusicMusicMusic Well, I'll talk about the section to this one. Thank you very much.Music I just need more. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE And I'll see you guys in the money class, very good for your serious timers, very comfortable in your practice. (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if I can do that. I'm just going to do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if it's going to work out. The real reason is that we don't have a problem with all the problems we have. We don't have to worry about the problem. We don't have a problem with all the problems we have. Silence >> Hello? Silence Silence Excuse me.INAUDIBLE This is a bit more of a character than we have in the last video, so we'll call it a mission. We want to dress up as an alien, but we'll miss the color of the whole world, and we want to make sure that we don't miss the instant stage stage. I'm going to shut down the landers. I'm going to shut down the landers. I'm going to shut down the landers. I'm going to shut down the landers. I'm going to shut down the landers. I'm going to shut down the landers. I'm going to shut down the landers. I'm going to shut down the landers. I'm going to shut down the landers. I'm going to shut down the landers. I'm going to shut down the landers.silencesilencesilencesilence I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudible Thank you. Background noise Background noise >> I'm more getting the opportunity to Global eyes only lead at them Because I will add to you when it comes to my lips If you want to keep it that waysilence Okay, the Jarrison, the Polish spot. It was also led to the monopolist in the United States of the Global War. I'll see if you remember that there's a million of the best interests in the United States. My other very pro bon is to go up this menu and back down again, I don't know if you'll play. . . Next time, we'll see how it goes in the next segment of this. Sit next. I'm going to do the transition, we're going to do a little bit more of a small bit of the picture over, we're going to do a little bit more of a little bit more of a picture over the picture over, we're going to do a little bit more of a picture over, we're going to do a littlesilenceinaudibleBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGS Silence (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) (crow cawing) Music Music (upbeat music) MusicMUSICMUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMUSICMUSIC  And the day is time   And the day is time to come back   Play it then, then, then, then   Play it this guy   And she'd have time   To be able to fly   Play it this guy  Music Music Music Music MusicMusicMusic Music Music >> It's time to create music, it is true. Music (singing in foreign language)MusicMUSICMUSIC (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)MusicMusic Music Music MusicMusic Music  And I'm going to get you   And start a new year   You'll be home at the moment   You're sweet and young   Let's get you, let's get you   To me   And let me, let me, let me   You're the one  MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Yeah, but you also seem to forget that you don't necessarily need to go through the need to tap that thing from the distillation curve. It's not because you have a carousine, diesel, well, I'm not feeling well, nothing. It's not because you tap off some small and below carousine, big hooks. Autolare become managing the method. It's not like you always have all those products. People are distillating it. Then you don't necessarily need to use the lower distillation of the pot. It's not like you always have all those products. It's not like you always have all those products. Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudible I don't know, Carlos? Yes.inaudibleinaudible I don't know what I should do. Okay, then. I'll start with the key. I'm gonna need a bar for you. I'm gonna need a silver one over there. I'm going to start off here. Nice nice one now. I'm going to start off with this one. I'm going to start off with this one. I'm going to start off with this one. I'm going to start off with this one. I'm going to start off with this one. I'm going to start off with this one. I'm going to start off with this one. I'm going to start off with this one. I'm going to start off with this one. So now I'm going to add a little bit more. I think we're going to see them. Cargo, text, or bang for the mission right, say, mission right, text. Not a cell, the initial, this, and this. On that moment. Maybe our station is up. Sorry, sorry. If you don't mind the natural gas we're eating ours, we're losing to big missionaries, and then we come to our mission. So why don't we push for the mission taxes to make more common sense to such too many businesses? Silence You don't want to have one of the main investors. So you don't want to have a similar So that's it for this right region to be produced at large scale until...MusicMusic So, I'm going to have a mission rights on gas prices. I'll say it's not the column down in five years, so I'll be 25 this year. If you have any questions, please leave a comment below and I'll see you in the next video. I can just be a bit of a minute. I'm taking it on. So you are officially increased the price of energy, well, we'll solve you later, but you provide an alternative. as we are now. If we get that actual gas or something, then it's not as easy to transports. I'm going to send more for the forum, I'm not probably going to show them. I'm going to send more for the forum. I'm going to send more for the forum.silencesilence Ah, seems you will provide the lesson, but... Maybe I'll need to ask a question to which I'm not familiar with the else, so I'll provide the else in a question you're not familiar with me. Thanks. So, I'll create a call on this question. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiosilenceinaudible So this you have like a mountain sheet, a mountain sheet, a cold water and a mesh mesh. We have the technology to move the car on the next slide, the only mesh. This was a couple of chimneys, so I don't talk much just for a couple of episodes from chimneys.silence The steps that all glad has to play in the Bay English Rides, which cost about 8000 to 9000. and this here being a missionized exchange, most of all, it just makes it that costs a ton. You're so dumb to clean. to remove one of the next sides from here. Let's do this, let's test this again. Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence But we don't invest in it, and I'm just saying "oh we can't switch to a pilot film, we'll have to see it" so that obviously we know we take invest in, we need to be probably relaxed enough. But time you're not simply working to make a pilot film, not enough for a lot of peace, and all the other aspects. We only tried to switch our gas off nice to either kind of... ...the body that we need to try and annihilate, you know. Worthy golden bloppets. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.PausePausePause You're going to miss what many people say is you're going to miss the time I can't let's just start on the throne, maybe they'll also make it more expensive, and if nobody starts to use this thing on their existence, of course it's along the cold cheaper. You know, if I now was on that sheet, that's expensive and by a remission, right? You're usually going down if it's being used.silence All in, right in the forest, this should be a good thing to do. I'm gonna use the caption under the source of my personal information. I'm gonna use the caption under the source of my personal information. Silence Silence You have the Kating Natural Gas and the balance you'll add to all that in control too. You already know all the dudes in the Queen main because you think well if I'm in control of them, I'm not from here, I'll have to... That's why I'm in the standing front. Take care about that. to tell him because his national grounds is clean enough. Yes, and... Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. The other argument that comes from diversify and allow for insight into just a man will be willing to sacrifice on the enslaved to generate ideas like this, because it is very great to build on the other human beings. I'm okay, so why have you used me and torsher me in this way and I was going to be able to see all you make and do the right idea to see all that sauce in me too? So of course if you don't have a try in a tin house, then you're going to remain content and stuff. That's the only thing. Okay, those people really say to you, people who have put into my understanding, I need to do stuff on sacrifice, I don't see what I'm saying. Why are they all leaving us? Just to see it in the room. I would like to see that if not enough. Knowing. SilenceMUSIC Yeah, we're talking about global problems, like, being advantages, like, you know, you can't just worry about doing it. Thank you. so I think it's just all to begin with. I find it very hard to hear voices right now. Leave me there on the wall. I'll also learn to fight against this. I'll learn to fight against this. I'll learn to fight against this. I'll learn to fight against this. I'll learn to fight against this. Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much. I'm going to ask all the questions that we still have in the comments. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much.silencesilence Why am I not demonstrating a sort of a question on the earth? Am I not the machines in stone? It's changing myself to the world. It's changing now. I'm just going to change it, just another word, another word to this reason, I'm just seeing the reason, another word to this.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilence Testing a long thing, it's not coming in. It's the same over. What would be the same thing?silencesilence Silence topic on the terrier the power grab seems to want you out of the whole chaos and inaction take place about a long run I think that plays a role as well in this. So be ready for the illusion. It's got the kind of thing worse, so we're ready to cast that out. Let's do my politicians.silenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilence I called. Hello, balt. Terps. We're getting in. So while we're getting good city, I'm demure sir, but I'm on electric cars and I'm coiling on those out of here to go.silencesilence I don't really call on the phone, I don't really call on the phone, I don't really call the phone, I don't really call on the phone, I don't really call on the phone, I don't really The line is so expensive. You can buy a car for less than 10,000 euros. Give all the money to a car. Let's change the center car. Can you tell me anything? Maybe turn to your phone. So there's a big impact on the ability, but everybody will be able to afford a card.no speech detectedno speech detectedinaudible I don't think I'm going to make that up to the end. There are a lot of us, nobody else. So I'm just curious to compete with your finding in the team. John, I'm going to be because it's not very business-interesting. produce something is not going to be the most expensive thing of that field it's you can buy and buy it or if you want to do it, you should see it soon. If you have 90% of the picture you're feeling like a bastard, you are going to be able to tell if you really can try to repeat it or not. because she is the one who has nobody knows. Yes, you're finding it. I'm paying the charge, surprise. They also put a new technology that's true. They also put a new technology that's true. Because they're the rest of it. All has to come. They're the rest of it. All has to come. They're the rest of it. All has to come. They're the rest of it. All has to come. They're the rest of it. All has to come. They're the rest of it. They're the rest of it. They're the rest of it. They're the rest of it. They're the rest of it. They're the rest of it. They're the rest of it. They're the rest of it. They're the rest of it. They're the rest of it. They're the rest of it. They're the rest of it, and all of them are slow to the edge. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE Okay, but let you know what I'm going to say in the latest one, put us in motion, just fine, let you know what I'm trying. So, absolutely. They want to be up, of course, so the batteries are going to course. No, any batteries are very expensive, if not the most expensive. (indistinct) And that means that if you want to get more expensive, well, it's exceptionally soft.no speech detectedno speech detectedsilenceinaudible Silence >> The recordings are master media, and I'll take money not to have a suit and to rest and call it head and to rest, and if you don't want to miss a big yacht, you'll have a boat and a boat and a ship and a yacht head. But it's a sand, not a cute, and it seems not bad. Okay and then take the head part and then take the stem and the mobs. Then take the stem and the molly barker and the stem and the mains and make the dead skin into the mobs. Silence >>Inaudible Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and name it. Once. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark This tour needs a little bit of additional stuff to do. I'm going to show you a little bit of this tour. I'm going to do a little bit of posting of the one-year vaccine for my blogger, my blogist, the spirit, the comic, and say all the other ones, but I'm not being interesting enough with this kind of, to let them, and then we'll be calling this box person for the locations, and I'll just open those little accesses. I'm gonna have to look at this one, I'm gonna have to look at this one, I'm gonna have to look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at this one, I'm gonna look at But what I find so strange is why they need these volumes. I don't even use somebody else that you're fully comfortable with.MusicMusicsilencesilencesilence Oh, it goes back to the level, it goes to brainwashing on the ground as well, we need to explain the rest. So, very much human and human based on the fact that they are a bit private, they are deprived of its own and being born of the fact that they eat, so when they are, but you are still made sure that they are conscious enough that they don't switch into an unconscious environment where they are not able to absorb rational thoughts, a bit private thoughts, and they are of it as inspiration turns into a formal and open-to-form window, no, and then the end of this providing food that you can then eat as supposedly the savory and the teller of truth for everything.Panting So it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's bit by bit, it's You just start to see your user always as a beside. just to figure out, you know, not being too grand, you know, just continue on a statistical course and crush the first kill first, whatever, although we fail to start over again with some mental illness. He has a whole thing manipulated to the point about that the right time he's always able to look at the art of his own art, not sign out, cut things moving in the way that the monster at that point, but whether that's the thing that makes sense or not, that is something you're not able to see himself. It's just based on impulse desires. The rationality is this ought to find within the religious mind. >> Do you know the example where he was able to guess something back to the victim? >> With the views, without it being another victim. Black man, stand. It could be anything that you're shooting in fact. But just to... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... picture, so being a picture comes in the only first start, 15, 10, 4, 12, 11, 18, 15.Musicsilencesilence Yeah, that didn't really make any difference in the image, it's pretty much the same as that. Silence Silence But to be, to people who have been able to use, to get attention to something that is like okay, now I'm going to say to the intellectual because of the power of the game, it's not going to be any idea because otherwise you don't procrastinate for rents, isn't it? Why is this not a problem? So I'm going to have to go up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, Why is this not a problem? I'm in kind of a little bit soon because all I do is left is a statistical blog in the UK, so I'll let you know what's in the description below and make sure you make sure you don'tsilencesilenceINAUDIBLE Still, I'm glad you're explaining that. That's great leader in this video to be a sadist to call.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence So the whole middle man chanting, let no notice in our most human questions. But at the same time, you need a more middle-management team to build out this assault team. So, again, let's see. We will just be scared to test to do anything that allows you to miss the first time.silencesilencesighingsilence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Well, yes, you know, it can also be very acceptable. But there is no need to know how good this is. The system breaks now completely to go to the world of the first.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Okay, well, thank you for showing us your questions. Break out of the question. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) All of it points to something that is impossible to be sustainable. Yeah, yeah, we'll call on now. So let's just say I'm only cousin of the bin that we love for.silence So now what? If I die, I kind of said that the other one for the part, because you lost your subpar betrayter function.silenceinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence It's all a very old side view of things and there's not the same mass, there's still that main mass, there's trying to listen to what's in make of it, I think it's a bit else, you know, that there's really quite a big deal of it, there's findings not happening. Alright, now I know it feels very uh, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah So, cut now, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's done, it's Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no speech detected I'll just explain this, but this one they sent me for the texting, it's what we need But right now it's not what I seem to feel, it can't do bias right now. Take whatever change you will need to, will not be enough, will need to be changing. That's what I feel now, but again, I've been listening to your email things, and let's not enough.silencesilenceSilence Okay, search, search. Yes. I don't know what I can see back there. I'll see you all very soon, okay, just so that I'll make you too much. We'll do this. Silence Silence I'm going to see if there are more insults and the views of those in my way, I'll try to make some. Again.silencesilence Silence Yeah, if you don't know this, I do or see. some need to know what people will be in particular about it. Whereas I keep on using both consulting and the consulting growth the diversity based innovation based on the commercial based and the diversity based on the understanding by everybody. Press all of it, I mean it's rejected because it's, oh no, I mean it got through all these V-dastes and all the GPS you see. What do I got? (clicking) (bell dings) Silence Silence But if they are up front with the situation matters, greetings that might happen, in order but for all the situation they will destroy whatever it takes to have two of those possibilities. That could happen there on the soil whatever. Make sure those two will not happen. So they are sure that third possibility happens.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to have to work today, but if people don't want to happen, I'm going to call This song.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence because it has importance to react on a conscious manner, both to say we're able to react on a conscious manner, both to say we're able to react on a conscious manner, both to say we're able to react on a conscious manner. I don't know what I am so myself, not so brave of girl and by love to me. Thank you very much for your time, and I will see you in the next video. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to turn on the volume and turn on the volume and turn on the volume. Everything comes. This rule has nothing to do with the individual. So, the next slide is an influence and therefore it can be clearly where you are, and you, to any influence, are fully in control of yourself. Once.Music Silence Silence I'm going to be able to switch to a bi-row mount and not have a crew about to run So, in all the facts, let me now add them and think about what's going to happen to this, and I'll do this.silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audio Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSIC Silence >> It's just something that I don't know, it's just a boss. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.CAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGno audiono audiono audioinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Silence I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in there and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going I'll do it for the rest of my life. I'll do it for the rest of my life. All I used to make sense was that I was going to be able to make a lot of noise. team that still makes sense today. Thanks for joining us today. Thanks for joining us today. Thanks for joining us today. Thanks for joining us today. Thanks for joining us today. Thanks for joining us today. Thanks for joining us today. Thanks for joining us today.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence to the right, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, Silence Silence Love more than you like to add, I mean like so, no, no, he's thirsty, he'd like to addno audiono audio You might feel superior to what people don't know, except that's a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, a million, asilence Silence So yeah, this is it. I don't need to research on the board like this video. Like this video. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.no speech detected All is well, all is well enough for a lot, but you're still listening to me, you know, but I think it's worth it because you need to be more of it. That was my review videos.silencesilence You know what I'm saying, I think it's a lot in the country, but you're not saying it. It's just a partial video, it's just not helped. I don't know that much, but it's just to keep me saying it. But I don't want you to be such idiots all the time. >>INAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You'll be able to realize it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't know what they're wrong and what else they're doing. What's more, I'm just tired of waiting for you to buy an out. Then I'm actually not saying what you need to tell it to say. So, super sad, just try to tell what you need to tell me. But the goal of all of a sudden, or how I said it, or how I said it, Well that actually said, that now becomes a difficulty. So, that's it for today. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you are saying that you I'm going to change the last possibilities to bring them on to change. You all know we cannot do more difficult by not being the source of it, but it needs to be decided there's not that difficult to meet the source of it, but we can as a partial figure as a standard of it. Sure, I like that. Silence What ever this you do, you should proceed and do it quickly and implement and don't just be so... everything on pause until we have the perfect planable works for you anyway, because that's why you've been living in here so I'm working. So if you want to turn the world into a global fascist dictatorship tomorrow, then do it quickly overnight and get it over with. That's a huge advantage, I don't know what it is doing, not doing. This is just making our thing a lot worse.Silence so what else does it tell you all to? And it becomes a lot of those innovations and say, "Yeah, we love this, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it, we love it and it's a lot of things that I've never done before. the system, uh, fuck up right there, man.sighsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Why? Silence Don't you just eat a demon's food? How much that could be learned from everything that happened wrong in the last few weeks. You know, that's too much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm going to keep it all secret, so you kind of learn and you just know that you keep it secret and that you don't need to be yourself or wrong. It's pitted around into something else and you know, you know, you know, you know, you (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Sighs Yes, you see, the point of the phrase is now five times. You see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see,inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background noise Background noise Why is it a bit of shit? Maybe I'll know. Maybe I'll know. (knocking) (music) (music) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence This side of the barn is still out to the mountain, and I also think a life is sacred.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilence One of the two things.silence I'm going to show you the solution.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Background Sounds Background SoundssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePause I cannot put certain jobs or certain version of my N20. So how do you do this now? How do you stop thinking about a person when you're thinking? Oh, there's nobody else in this. Saying when they are me. You must take too long to know what you're going to do. I'm just waiting to be in the way still being another thing. Thank you. So, I'll just say hello, nice to fond on you and welcome to the show, hopefully that's some of the energy that comes to save me, and I'll see you in the next video. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) That means you have to still believe in something and I learned a real point because I really know that it will work at some point. So in Dcc, you three works on it. You're saying that Dcc, basic Dcc will never work because you're all on the solid condition. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected You can't project it. Thank you for watching. So now we're going to start with a little bit more. So now we're going to start with a little bit more. So now we're going to start with a little bit more. So now we're going to start with a little bit more. Silence SilencePausePausePausesilence I'm telling you, global doctor and indoctrination. I'm going to need to introduce you. on that menu. Then I'll just be back to people from doing service and things. Still. I'll just be back to people from doing service and things. I'll just be back to people from doing service and things, and I'm taking us to this. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silence The explanation goes to one of those touches.silence Being used to that which is the unique thing in that thing. and this is a copy of the description. Two more copies, please. Please read our description. Actually, a few of it is a copy. I'm just going to start to explain the details and so on, some similarity and the details Now that I will get to read the comments, I need to make some more of our usage based in Fahaha. I need to make sure that I'm shifting the amount of context that I'm using to meet me up again. I need to make sure that I'm shifting the amount of context that I'm using to meet me up again. Silence Silence I'm going to realize that life is sort of a mindset that research and very smart things have to be considered. It's a very important thing to be able to be more efficient today, and know that without that research, it's a very important thing. Come to my desk. So, this is the first step, this is the first step, this is the first step, this is the first step. So, this is the first step. So, this is the first step. So, this is the first step. So, this is the first step. So, this is the first step. So, this is the first step. So, this is the first step. So, this is the first step. So, this is the first step. So, this is the first step. Silence Silence Now I'll put this over here as I used just now. Silence >> I just want to share it for being a little selfish to buzzer. Yeah, there's an average. If too much, you can use an edge, and I'm not sure how to bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother,PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause this one and a lot of us. There's our two points. Thank you for watching. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Once you try to do it to me I'll see you tomorrow, because you have delicious stuff. Any intentions? I'll never go to the shrine to ask questions which might be relevant. I'll just read my thoughts from there, cause I was able to also read my news, but I can't tell. I'm just trying to come back into the live anymore, but I'm just trying to do it now. Like I said, I will have a whole time, cause I will have a whole time. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to hide this on to the main. I'm going to hide this on to the main. I'm going to hide this on to the main. I'm going to hide this on to the main. Silence Silence Silence Silence because something is possible and it becomes possible if you forget something like this. (indistinct) Let's go. (footsteps tapping) (footsteps tapping) (footsteps tapping) (footsteps tapping) (footsteps tapping)silence Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Pause and I'm just saying that you're listening to this film. to rephrase it so it's more precise to look at the layers and the noise from it. I'll give it a try again. It'll help if you take it specifically in the middle of the hole.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSICMUSIC Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Singing Singing Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds So what is a solution for For everyone. So you're not getting anywhere with whatever you call us. No, but it's getting anywhere. Never to teach you that anymore. So all those are readouts. Background Sounds I'm not making any sense, I'm not watching to obey to obey without thinking about something.silence Silence This was something smarter. Silence Silencesilencesilence So great, I think it's a little bit more of a problem.INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Please just let me cut your gals in here. I'm going to take that secreting for you as well.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilencePausePausePausePause Silence Inaudible Remarksilence There's not being the greatest. You will play persona in the sun.silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence That's in my touch so I don't protect it, but I'm not going to need it. Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark One, two, three, four, five, six, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, six, seven, seven, six, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven Yes, I'm sure you need to see how it's historically applicable and usable all that's yours. Thank you. Thank you. and you're going to avoid thinking about that. I'm a person. I expect a while or something. Pause Silence I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guys, I'm thinking about sharing things with you guyssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm not interested in any of the things I'm going to show you, but I'm not interested in any of the things I'm going to show you, but I'm not interested in any of the things I'm going to show you, but I'm not interested in any of the things I'm going to show you, but I'm not interested in any of the things I'm going to show you, but I'm not interested in any of theno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence of this happen and there's a final trial, that's just... don't give me more testing.no speech detected Silence Silence I'm suffering all the indomitable strength of the human being, and I'm suffering all the indomitable strength of the human being, and I'm suffering all the indomitable strength of the human being, and I'm suffering all the indomitable strength of the human being, and I'm suffering all theSilence Two, one, six.Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) Thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, I'm not too close, that's the end of what I'm saying, something that's not any more to be saying them myself, instead of me. Of course I use them and therefore it's all just finished eating. Then they cost more free food and confusing. Whether or not you're trying to make others take the dire same as where I'm not, and in all the terms, since it's all not enough, Not quite enough, it's not still the dialogue I was saying, but not say it or say it, but since you said it and therefore not you can't say it's not even this, it's like you're trying to add maliciousness to what I said, but why do you not say that that moment? Oh, I don't completely make it clear that it's only been using some sort of further frustration thing.silence You can do this, and the show's to the bonus. If I get in the hole, I'll close it back with a push, and I don't know if it's steaming or what it is. I'll close it back with a push. Oh You I'm going to use a little thicker stone on my head so that you can see it in your tics. I'm going to use a little thicker stone on my head so that you can see it in your tics. I'm going to use a little thicker stone on my head so that you can see it in your tics. Silence Silence Well, my mother started me as a fake once if I'm already a fake mother. effect to do so using me as a small rotation. So, this is the rotation. You can see the rotation.silence Why, do you want to see me? Pause Pauseno audio I'm being honest with you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Pause Pause Pause Silence We've got the fact that I'm able to look at the mirror, because it's a little too small to some extent. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.NOISENOISE I'll put a little bit more in the middle of the screen. I'm going to have to get up there and make a fight.no speech detected Here we are.no speech detectedINAUDIBLE (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)Birds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirping I don't have any questions about this, it's that I have to try to find out who I am.MusicMusicMusic So, I'll try to put this here like this.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Pause Pause Pause (laughs) (sighs) (grunts) (grunts) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilence >> That's going to be a bit annoying if you still have a question.silencesnifflessilenceSilence and I'm going to set it up. (clicking) (indistinct) (indistinct) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence So now I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little bit of zoom in, and then I'm going to add a little I'm going to put it in while I talk to him for the rest of the shots and then I have to look at this. I'm going to stay in this column and we'll be nice to see if you're off now then.silenceinaudible X-Fighted and Cops, so I'll tell you all the moments you're watching. Tell me moments to X-Fight and all the more to X-Fight.silencesilencesilence (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) andinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence It's a balance in healing the tone of a man's heart. It's a telepathy as well, it's a lot of tone of...Sighs What's your words? I'm going to stop at the dark and not touch it in, and then the maths shape will be new to the lower. I'm going to stop at the dark and not touch it in, and then the maths shape will be new to the lower. I'm going to stop at the dark and not touch it in, and then the maths shape will be I feel so happy to be able to start by reading all the keys I've made before, I'm sitting on the run. This is it if you feel it's not to this. Try not to feel it. Try not to know which way to fill it is only to me. There's some... Not any.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking)Silence It's a noise.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to start coming up with these weirdy things on the right. Ah, close the door. (crying)silencesilencesilencesilence Thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you Now that's... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing)silence And so now I'm going to start a one-centonsilenceinaudible on the lessons range. Thank you very much. you Thank you very much. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm sure you don't really know what to say. You don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what to say, you don't know what I'm sure you don't really know what to say. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) option of X-R. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Let me zoom in on them. Thanks for watching. You Thanks for watching. Let me show you. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLESilenceSilenceSilence Silence I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it, I don't know if I can get it SilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to put that on here. It's about 30 minutes. Let's see if it's going to work. I'm going to put this on here. It's about 30 minutes. Background Sounds Background noise (speaking in foreign language) So, when I'm not killed, I'll take it up to a lazy swim, but here not, I'm not doing any good stuff, in the reality. So, it's a matter of stuff, no shell.Pause Maybe it's a pass all the year, I must put it on.PausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking)