[00:00:01.05] USB Live Camera audio:	Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence SilenceMUSIC Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible and basically we need the else events, the simple physical events in itself, that we can force it. We see this, so, the shortness of some of us, that still exists. In true reflection, that the single needs to be. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) >> That's the level of it. Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Okay, now that I'm trying to finish it, why am I trying to just take the kitchen, I'm just going to take the kitchen. So it's very simple, which one is still something. So I'm shaking too much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark And that is the kind of loss when you take from the topic that you can somewhere in the morning with the situation and then there was nothing wrong with it and there was nothing practical at the beginning of the day, there was something, nothing wrong with it, there was something that you can send to the shop for and then all the people. and I cannot say a normal kind of new relationship in the 18th century. Now I'm going to work on the handshake to sit on the suis. No, no. No, listen down there and open it. I'm going to use the left hand. and I'm not sure if I can do it with this kind of thing. I don't know what it is, but...SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS I think it's important that you have to be aware of what you're doing. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. I'm going to turn it on and it's going to turn it on and it's going to turn it on. the . Silence So we'll take one, we just come pretty soon. Taking these girls into... One thing I don't need much more to say about... is that we're going to be able to do it.no speech detected Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudible It is now on that's now a simple aspect here so I'm going to go ahead and do a little bit of the first step. I'm going to do a little bit of the second step. I'm going to do a little bit of the second step. Silence Silence Not to pay the silver one.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible and andno speech detected Silence Silence There are so many Canon goods in Macbook 3 and they are new to it, they are the Canon of Macbook 3 and they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to it, they are new to (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And then we don't exist in the world where we don't have to adapt and we want to explore the world. You You You (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusic Faults, no minstump. Faults, no minstump. Faults, no minstump. Faults, no minstump. Faults, no minstump.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE So, I'm going to go to the next slide. So, I'm going to go to the next slide. So, I'm going to go to the next slide, and one of the podcasts is about here, later on we will see what's in the west. and then I'll see you in the next video. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Appetitions. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. >> It's a protest. >> Let's make a statement. That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it And I'm going to put it in here and I'm just going to do the first move on. So I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here. Okay. Okay. Okay.PausePausePause