[00:00:00.00] USB Live Camera audio:	(keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause I'm going to take my phone just to stand here and then I'll send it to you. just for this. So, I'm going to turn it on. Turn it on. Turn it on. will happen right away, so it needs to be killed and about the carbon non-neutral thing it needs to go carbon deficit for, if used to that idea. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected So it keeps on spinning around a couple more times until we can get a decent fix figured out. All the rights This is not acceptable at all, yeah, I don't know if you can see that too, but I'm a bit off. Just looking. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudible I have to prioritize. I'm going to use the same method as the previous one. I'm going to use the same method as the previous one. I'm going to use the same method as the previous one. I'm going to use the same method as the previous one. I'm going to use the same method as the previous one. Background noise Background noise I'm not sure if this is my family.inaudibleinaudible Happy, though, happy, though.inaudible No, all the left-right. I'm going to bridge show. I'm going to bridge show. I'm going to bridge show. I'm going to bridge show. I'm going to bridge show. I'm going to bridge show. I'm going to bridge show. I'm going to bridge show. I'm going to bridge show. Pause Pauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected All I can do is film to...Clock tickinginaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (indistinct) Pause Pause Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Check in the last five minutes. Check in the last five minutes. Check in the last five minutes. Check in the last five minutes. Check in the last five minutes. Check in the last five minutes. >> I have a little kids on the ground. Better than I do with solo kids.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detected Pause Pauseno audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceclicking (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audio Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) That's not how it should be.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesilenceMUSIC Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Silence SilenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audioPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)CLICK (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you. Thank you.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceno audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence I am not able to continue. Tell you trying to show mercy, fake mercy on me, think again, giving up for quitting is no option. This is about survival, for me and everyone, if you don't do the right thing, humanity is over and down which may cooperate. Now it needs to happen in 2024, and once of May, do the right thing. you you youno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) - Easy. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSICSOUND (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilenceno audiono audio Silence Silenceno audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedsilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected So, keep on infinite. I'm just kidding, I was hoping you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you would have told me that you Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm not sure if I can do it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)no audiono audio So, I'm going to turn on the camera. Thanks for watching.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking sound) Thank you.silenceinaudible I don't know if you've done anything, but they can save a lot of life, no longer belong to you, no longer belong to you, just the rest of the time, and you're starting to die, you're trying to get rid of them, and never have to. (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausePause to say this, this is what it needs to be. Thank you very much. you Thank you very much. Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to add a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt.silencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I would not ask you to stop being malicious, I just want you to stop. First, you can go away with the snook. Let's call this abuse. Stop. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to be able to be...MusicMusic Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudiblesilenceinaudible Pause Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) If someone can show up, they are dead, if they don't get up, they can kill Evo. We are dead, but we are dead. We are dead, but we are dead, but we are dead. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Strange that he managed to also intentionally, if not to lead but make a difference, Martyn is a congenial model. all US civil rights movement hard to find back any inspiring speeches we cannot find as I could but I often make a person in line of the steep figure which is a bit loftyno audiono audio Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence I'm going to use the phone and now I'm going to use the phone. It must be a very scary abuse. Take care, take care. Just to make this just...silencesilence Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audio and all that was okay, why was he sent? So now we've just got to fascism, all the gay people must be exterminated, elongated. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, but I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, but I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, but I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, but I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to start with a bit more victim targeting the victims. I'm going to do 40,000,000 people in the system.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to use a separate layer, because I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, and I'm going to use a separate layer, Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudiblesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm recording this, this is my voice with my vocal voice, producing audio, and you're going to add all these voices into your fantastic voice. I believe you are. I believe you are. I believe you are. I believe you are. I believe you are. I believe you are. I believe you are. I believe you are. I believe you are. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audio I'm going to do it next, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to do the next one, I'm going to I'm going to use a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a All boys should be there, we don't have to go into the beginning. I can't do much with the best of 100 years. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. I don't know if you're familiar with this, but it's a beautiful close-up, I have a light. You can't make me think that... 30 tests. Messed out. That's all you have to do. Stop this. Silence SilenceCOUGHno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Spongebob.MUSIC (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (indistinct) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm just going to see how I'm doing. I'm just going to see how I'm doing. I'm just going to see how I'm doing. I'm just going to see how I'm doing. I'm just going to see how I'm doing. I'm just going to see how I'm doing. Okay. Okay. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence I'm going to show you the use of this chapter and I'm going to say no, I don't want you to look for it, I'll leave. I will make a video about this one, so I will make a video about this one. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to use all of them with... I'm going to be able to use up a moment. It's, uh... I'm using the Suck to wash it up. I'm always feeling like... I'm not going to go suck. I'm just going to finish. I'm going to use the Suck to wash it up. I'm going to use the Suck to wash it up. I'm going to use the Suck to wash it up. I'm going to use the Suck to wash it up. I think I'm starting to understand why you really need cryogenics idiotsMusicno speech detectedCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiosilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceno audiono audiono audio I'm sorry, I'm just like to do that, I just don't see you. Damn, I'm falling on this. Damn, I'm falling on this. Damn, I'm falling on this. Damn, I'm falling on this. Damn, I'm falling on this. Damn, I'm falling on this. Damn, I'm falling on this. Damn, I'm falling on this. Damn, I'm falling on this. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE Get all your voices and change. on this recording and I have the video as well. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence SilenceMUSICSOUND (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno audiono audio (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detected (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio Thank you.no audiono audioINAUDIBLE We're really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusic (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing)inaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE ATG. not trying to sleep. Test them. For anything. I'm not talking about Russia, China or somebody else, geoportis, I'm talking about the lights. You have no choice. Bye, die. You can only force it, so let me just keep it at this. You do not have that much, and you know it. Do you know it? I will come and suicide until I die. Take a duck, take a duck. Good day yesterday, the day before. I was thinking about it. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one.silencesilence Yes, you said it comes. I want to congratulate you with that accomplishments and I mean that lots of MMI's. Yes, that's (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Silence