[00:00:31.10] OneOdio FM1:	Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE and do not enter the tools. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I was like, you know, I'm not allowed to do anything, you know, I'm written in the news. I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not allowed to do anything, I'm not Silence (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (knocking on door) Silence Yeah. We do need to go through one of the windows. Now we're just going to go through the windows, and we're going to have to go through the windows. You're not going to cut this much, is you're not going to cut this much?ClickClickClickClickClickClickClick Silence SilenceMusic I'm just going to switch to the distance. We're going to stay on the right and to the US. Okay, I'll inch forward. We're going to do the same. We're going to do the same. We're going to do the same. We're going to do the same.MUSIC (sniffing)INAUDIBLE And I'm going to kill a lot of them and you see them in a bit less of a go and run the run out of it now.silencesilence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You are close for the results here, okay? We go on with this, you know.INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking) (knocking) Silence I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm just going to try and get it done. I'm going to try to get it done. Oh, I'm now, shit. Okay. Found what this is. Musicsilence Nice. I'm so looking.silence I'm gonna start to do this and take that. I'm going to have to figure out. Oh, that's it, I caught you, I'm not made for cutting swathoffus. In the sexual predate, it burns a chicken pot, my lawyer is the most successful lawyer, you get the wrong character. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >>INAUDIBLEMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'll have to finish. I have a second reason to ask you to ask me the email tomorrow, it's the end of October. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I hate all the pests, I'm not saying that I'm good. I hate all the pests, I hate all the pests, I hate all the pests, I hate all the pests, I hate all the pests. It's a little bit stupid if you think it is not, or not if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office. It's a little bit stupid if you are money-office.SilenceSilence I'll call it then. You don't really see it, and I'm not sure how it went on.silence I'll see you in the next session. I don't know what to do.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to try to make the other one now. (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (indistinct) Musicsilencesilence and proud of you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC to my work in a sheltered violence, just to be better. Sick as to what is only going on in the cuttings out in the same place as we were in lunch. I don't know how to do that. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and and I don't know either. No, no, so speak quite adult, but I'll have a crack at speak with language. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. I'm going to make a thumbnail with some. I'm going to make a thumbnail with some. I'm going to make a thumbnail with some. I'm going to make a thumbnail with some. I'm going to make a thumbnail with some. I'm going to make a thumbnail with some. I'm going to make a thumbnail with some. I'm going to make a thumbnail with some. I'm going to make a thumbnail with some. I'm going to make a thumbnail with some. I'm going to make a thumbnail with some. *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* it shows how the murder was done. I don't know how to say that, but I'm sure it's not so nice. So yeah, I don't know, yeah, I don't know. Well, you know, I'll take this out. Music is still a literal... ...addict, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I didn't eat, I ate, I ate, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't eat, I didn't I'm going to use this to create a new animation. I'm going to use this to create a new animation. I'm going to use this to create a new animation. Silence >> Does the naked date switch? No, do you still have all the notes? a little bit late, you might not tell that new age, but no, I don't know, so that's it, I'm not going to tell you this. So that's how it came in. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking I'm just trying to be a nice person and I'm going to talk to you all around the world for some time. Thank you very much. I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but when I think about it, I think it's a tough sound, but It's it. To move it again, 'cause for you, it's up with rap, rap, rap. What a goddamn idiot, and you know, it's all my way to the road, and then what you do, it's all. Oh, it's all up. See you up to that, no? I'm going on the next step forward and I'm going to start just a bit as well. Thank you for watching. you you you I'll slow down and go on that. I'll slow down to cast. There's half ahead, no. Okay, the length is 2/3. 9. 10. 10. 10. 10. (sniffing) Nope. (sniffing) (sniffing) And cool your stuff, and cool your stuff. You And cool your stuff. So, we will do a little bit of this, we will do a little bit of this, we will do a little more. Thanks for being here. Thanks for being here. Thanks for being here. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Hello, hello.Music (sniffing) - Oh, it's weird to have to jump in my fallow, eh? (sniffing) - Oh, yeah. (sniffing) - It's a little obvious. (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what I'm doing right now. I don't know what I'm doing right now. I don't know what I'm doing right now. Silence Let's move the cello over there. The color touch will move soon. Now we're going to apply the game.clickclick (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) andMUSIC The blue one and the other one, the blue decked. I think it's not going to work on the next one. It's healing, it's not going to work on it. It's going to work on and on. Oh, it's blue. There's no more on the solos. I'm going to go to the bottom right corner and I'm going to go to the bottom right corner I'm going to do another each one right there.INAUDIBLE (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) >> That's all for now, I love you.MUSICinaudible You can't wear the shirt in these great types, you know? You know that makes a lot of sense. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. If anyone wants to hear what I'm showing, I'll raise his number. You can do it too much. It's on the way.sighs I'm going to do it a bit for me, shall we?PausePauseINAUDIBLE I wish I could stay there for a while, but I wish I could stay there for a while, but I wish I could stay there for a while. I wish I could stay there for a while, but I wish I could stay there for a while. I wish I could stay there for a while. I wish I could stay there for a while. Okay, I'm going to take a moment to pick states.PantingPantingPanting I'm going to do a little bit of the work, please. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilenceSOUND >> It's not saying.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible The ball will collapse as well, man.inaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic So, that makes it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) - Cool. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause PauseINAUDIBLE (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) I'm just going to have to do a few more things to make sure that I don't have to do anything to do with the game. I'm just going to have to do a few more things to make sure that I don't have to do anything to do with the game.silence Silence Silence SilenceMUSIC >>INAUDIBLE I don't think I'm better, but I'm just not going to miss any of the other things I've done. I still don't know what to do. Thank you very much. (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, so I'm going to play my own game now, You know, the martial arts.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So we just need to buy up my condolence all to the camera. Okay. You can get some positive results if you don't want to be a CCCS or not, but... Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm a lot of your students. I'm going to go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom and then go to the bathroom andinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible and downright into the back.silencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause Inaudible Remark Pause You want any shell feed in, you can't just aim it on the left with the cross-celled line. You want any shell feed in, you can't just aim it on the left with the cross-celled line. You want any shell feed in, you can't just aim it on the left with the cross-celled line. You want any shell feed in, you can't just aim it on the left with the cross-celled line.silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Inaudible Remark That's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC and you'll be fine with something, you know what I mean? I mean...silence And of course, they've still so much in terms of, and the six of you six elements, So, sex on that name, but for my own sake, I also leave a comment to this. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence So... I'm sweating.sighs Okay, so I'll see you again.snaps fingerssnaps fingerssnaps fingerssnaps fingerssnaps fingerssnaps fingersCOUGH We're open to suggestions that make sense. It's still the only one I can do to. (sighs) (sighs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) Because when I walk into this, when I'm walking through the speeds, I'm going to pull up one second, and then I'm going to lower up a theater to watch us like these bastards. just to keep up this appearance of normality. It's not the first time I'm studying Chinese in pressure. I think, okay, maybe, you know what I'm saying this, maybe I didn't really sleep, maybe. To this and that's, uh... It's just not the first time I've ever done crocheted. It's just a couple of years old, and each time stuff happens I see my parents or someone else and then there's a sort of issue good and a different perspective is like they have to reassure me that it is not all nothing. I don't have to accept it because of it. Silence Silence So, my thinking is if I'm not wrong, I'm not wrong, I'm not wrong, I'm not wrong. so my thinking is a thing. kill myself maybe way a few more days to see it for me for so because there are also more changes and to and to me We'll see what we'll get. We'll see what we'll get. We'll see what we'll get. We'll see what we'll get. We'll see what we'll get. We'll see what we'll get. We'll see what we'll get. We'll see what we'll get. We'll see what we'll get. We'll see what we'll get. We'll see what we'll get. Silence Silencesilencesilence You know the imagine the something out there in the stuff. Thank you, Oscar, good to meet you. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) But you know it's not a bit you know Silence Imagine the world's moment in the United States for what it could be. It's an honor to be here. For instance, if I were to watch this, I'll happen in the rest of the world. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. I'm gonna push it all the way to the boss. So... No boss. (claps) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) It's still a mix of it.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedClock tickingClock ticking Pause PauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to have to go back to my room and see if I can get a better view of the room. I'm going to have to go back to my room and see if I can get a better view of the room and see if I can get a better view of the room. of the evil and also the kindness. I'm going to get a little bit more to make it. I'm going to get a little bit more to make it. I'm going to get a little bit more to make it. I'm going to get a little bit more to make it. I'm going to get a little bit more to make it. I'm going to get a little bit more to make it. I'm going to get a little bit more to make it. I'm going to get a little bit more to make it. I'm going to get a little bit more to make it.no audioinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence In the latest. They're mounting a bug, and they're not doing them. To all that, there are some secretive evil forces over there, and I've always been there. I've always been able to gain the system through all this interest. to secretly sabotage. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. >> I'm really just going to listen.silence It's like trying to invent your own...clicksinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Silence Silence It's good, it's good. (click, click) (click, click, click) (click, click, click) (click, click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click) (click, click)silenceinaudiblesighingsilence And when you finish, so you still go from the dot dot graph, or do you think, where did the souls, the thing that's left of them? Well, actually all graphs. Can you start to see connection with anything anyway, and then you have to no see them. (knocking on door)silencesilenceinaudible You know, this panel is to make sure that anybody is trying to learn something to learn a lot of stuff by heart. It's not like we've come a pair of pieces that they're deep. Can I always look up? stuff. That is the bulk of the internet. That is very soon need to know how to use information so it can do something like that. The ability is a lot more powerful than the Tendoing stuff.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Silence Inaudible Remark She makes a lot of delicious stuff. I'll call her a little joke.silencesilencesilencesilence >> This is the image.Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingsilencesilencesilencesilence Trying to push him. and say something, and you already tell about my own say with you once, it makes sense. Silence You'll put your show line only, let's try to find triggers to make me think something stupid, because you can use it to say something. I wouldn't seem like you had anything to say.SighsSighssilencesilencesilence You guys need to be open to stay to take care of yourself. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking)Music (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence So, if you have any questions, please let me know. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) You already see what I mean? I believe that the reality will be stronger. There will never be more that worse. There's a lot more to learn from people than you'd ever close it again. Humans will try much more, much more in the world, with more freedom to trade, with more freedom to move the world close. There'll be a lot more freedom to travel. to and move to the identities I'm not being trained in themselves in today's Polarist world, our fear of everything right now, wildfires, climate change, those fear is taking up so much time for our minds. To thank you, and it leads to us to think that's about who we are. We allow ourselves to be chased around by populist and one side of these, and only tells us what is believed based on what we want to hear. our minds become poorer, spend less time to grow ourselves, to grow ourselves, we get treacherous and a little physical, or commercial burrows. What we should try to aim for the opposite, is to start with our own identity, new covers, all of them are bringing us opportunities and provides more options about moving about to stay, how power currently and the guests seem differently by all the people making it look not pretty mind-riding and more detailed. Leave you for ourselves. right and our identity is rich and again we see you all else and we can consider to adopt and add to our own identity, it's time to move forward and we continue to grow. (keyboard clicking) - Oh, well. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Now, last time in my career, I was able to see the best of the same career, and I was able to get a lot of support from my team, and I was able to get a lot of support from my team. Oh, here we go, what we're going to ask about the 30th and 20th floor today. 30th and 20th floor, what we're going to ask about is what we're going to ask about. We're going to see the 20th floor. We're going to see the 20th floor. We're going to see the 20th floor. I'll get some words from all of you about the Amnesian Spanitimen World Peak Blossom. Basically, I learned the verb "belieckend" in my left hand. It's extremely hard. You can see it's not very hard. It's not very hard. It's not very hard. It's not very hard. It's not very hard. It's not very hard. Pauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Anyway, I'm being too preaching out of this mission. Thank you for your attention. Thank you for your attention. Thank you for your attention. Thank you for your attention. (sniffing) Oh, down on Naples. Oh, down on Naples. You Oh, down on Naples. You know exactly, don't pretend that they're finished and completely different. Because others again, but... You know, I'm not going to be able to do it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs >> It's the people's. It's not okay sometimes, sometimes it's not something you can't see. You can't stop reading a newspaper because you get COVID for reading a newspaper.POPPOPinaudible They so. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Sighsno speech detected I love you, much too. I love you, just for me. Nothing. Please. (sniffing) (sniffing) >> Good to you, everyone. I'm not going to get lost. My Twitter is all on there. I'm not hiding it. I'm not hiding anything. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesniffingsniffingsniffingsighsspeaking in foreign languagesighsspeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languageinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCLICK (laughs) (sniffing)silenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilence So...silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiono audio (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detected Silence Silence Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. from you doing some news with me. What happened? What?silenceclickclickclickclickclick Silence SilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I just say something else, I love this day.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE which state in the country? Talkala, Kaira, Dirkala. Namjumal, two Smarras, six styles in New York, and then four, five hundred in the past now. We're going to run on the phone. We're going to throw our hands, we're going to turn on the ground.clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick Background noise Background noise (door slams) (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) I'm really proud and really excited to go for it in whatever kind of adventure it was so close for both of us. (knocking on door) That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's itINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh (coughing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence What are the areas that you have? Yeah, of course. What's the area that you're saying? Shoot innocent until proven guilty. Third. In the end it's a little dry, a little bit unfair.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) And I'm going to show you very many of this. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) There's a lot of stuff in here, there's a lot of stuff in here, there's a lot of stuff in here There's a lot of stuff in here, there's a lot of stuff in here, there's a lot of stuff in here I don't know if there's something that your challenge is going to start just so quick. So I'll just go up and say I work with my love, everybody thought it's impossible to have anything.silence Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) - No. I don't know if this is the only one I'm going to get over there. I don't know how to try videos to see this, but I don't know if this is the only one I'm going to get over there. Maybe we'll just run. I'm almost in it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) What the fuck is the one that I've had to use? Rose. So what do you do? I don't know if she was there, she was seen, she would have been seen. We will meet them. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Thank you. (laughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Bye, boom. It goes so far to trust it, and not trust it, to try to do it. Thank you for watching.CLICK Silence Silence Music Silence Music Silence You don't even understand something, so stash it, for that we understand, don't you see? You don't even understand something, so stash it, for that we understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even understand, you don't even (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I kind of extended the whole marching day and go. sounds unknowingly, sounds sting. I'll do the same thing again though, like. Well, there's a different question that you haven't announced before, until which you go to complete and get it also. >> Holding states.silenceno speech detectedno speech detected the .silence Let's see if I can do this.silencesilence >> No, no, no, no.silence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) >> Oh my gosh.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic You're lying sick. No, you can't sleep. I'm going to sleep. I'm going to sleep. (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceSIGHS (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence SilenceSIGHS (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceno audiono audio SilenceMUSIC Okay, what's happening with tape is telling me that the tape is starting, you're saying that time does not exist. That's what you just said. You were changing what you said, I'm showing you what you said, that means I'm picking up the wrong thing. You know nothing to understand by saying a tiny little bit, you're not going to know much. You're not going to know much.SighSighSighSighSigh If you're feeling that's when you are not video now, let's not hear the reeds. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) and to train us. SilenceINAUDIBLE just use and drop the badge and it's just better hopeless by so we have an end up out and we need to do all of this work for those who finish take more books and I'm going to start with the most distributed test I've ever seen. I'm going to start with the most distributed test I've ever seen. I don't know if I can dance to the room. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so I don't know if I can dance to the room. (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) the light kind of stick, not present, and I need it to do it. and they say that they do well. Well... I assume... I'm gonna try to do that. I'm gonna try to do that. I'm gonna try to do that. I'm gonna try to do that. I'm gonna try to do that. I'm gonna try to do that. I'm gonna try to do that. I'm gonna try to do that. I'm gonna try to do that.Sighs Yeah.Sighs and the L thing, the ginger head is also primed. down and solve this with me. It's what kind of need to be able to do it. Think of it.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible where you can't get out of the way. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, let's listen.silenceINAUDIBLE Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to buy just another one of the most so-called clock, and then we can go to the page and we'll go to the page and we'll go to the page and I'm going to do more potential in the database. Thank you for your time. You Thank you for your time. Maybe it just can't be a divided green this morning. They've been in this long, such a mess like they've put some beaten in the show. All of this is a ferric acid. Just like the element of this like battery. This is a good taste. That's poisonous. Oh, please. (knocking on door) - No, two is also touching. (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Welcome to God in the Sun. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say.MusicMusicMusic And I'm just going to go to the volume and I'm going to go to the top and I'm just going to listen to the show and say I have 10 calls and I'm going to excel the note here that is now I'm going to go up, I'm going to go up and I'm going to increase and I'm going to see if I can go up and I'm going to see if I can go up and I'm going to see if I can go up Let's have a look up that number is not the best man I've ever met. Let's have a look up. Not vertical or is it all that awful?no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) I'm seeing it in the lectures if the phone number is less than 10 or 12 in the home. I'm going to solve another one and then I'm going to do another phone book with the parent and mom and the sister and mom and the mom and the mom and the mom and the mom and the mom and the mom and the mom and the mom and the mom and the mom and the mom and thesilencesilence You can also use the list with the name of the source. You won't need to talk about how you need to protect the source. You can also use the list with the name of the source. But there's a lot of mean that there was one thing that I'm going to do. and those there they are kind of the average source of notice. So...Pause and we're trying to pick the culture. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence I need to listen to the full version of either of the completely new components for other examples.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm not doing something all the time, I need to explain, but it's not about any I don't think I'm doing anything all the time. Yeah, 2020. Yeah. Yeah. Silence Silence I don't know why I should show that again. I don't know why I should show that again. I don't know why I should show that again. That's really bad.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs excuse to to solve the negative rare solutions So that's it for the other of you, something, I'll tell you what happens when people have to do that. You want to go out and do something?no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Do you know what they are globally ones?SighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSigh Well, you know, for me, I tried to make a solo still in the video, hmmm, to be able to play. Staddle, wait a minute. Silence Silence Silence There's the main tracer up. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. I plan this time stuff where the government is in, trying to enforce them to the end of the world. Well, it's cool. What's wrong? What's in there? Silence Silence There's the displace, and then take action to remake this, and then take action. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know Let's keep the grass off arts. Let's keep the grass off arts. Where are you getting to? (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) What an image. You You You Youno audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (indistinct) If you want to store it, because if you want to know which is, if you kill it, then you'll have to take it out of the machine and then you'll know it's a carry. Here we are, the drink of toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, toast, Here we are, Jiko, close, close, close, that's it. They know how we must suspend it all and say something about it, so for the Microsoft I must spend a few hundred years on collecting those notes. to my meal and I always put it all in. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. So it's about you, don't you? It gets the same 200 euros. We're going with a pack of tons. It's not a regular source. Pause Pause We'll continue there, addiction, depression, till we sell that action, so we're close. Took a small percentage should be put some most up For the title of that group, some will spend that two hundred years and use this one with these All of that Yeah, I'll continue on top of your researchSighsSighs So that's it for today, don't know what's going on here. I'm going to put it on so you know that the question is what you're doing all the time. I'm going to put it on the screen.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence Well, we don't want to put the touch up in. an average GDP per capita, the average income in the country. So I have this like rest of the $1,000. You know, but it's just nice to see what details you really love. Just have said, it's too much, I don't want to say it, because it's a bit more crazy, it's still much more fun. So it's better. I'm going to put it around £7.00, but you know, it's no longer in the face of $7.00. Oh, I'm not sure if it's not hot.PausePause To you need to know what's in the quality of it. as people are not the same, so just buying the pursuit for equality is a sense for us than our petiox dreams, it's not necessary. Can't defeat that time swore, but that time of 50 years ago, let's pass. Great. Thank you for watching.silencesilence What ever is there in this possible?silence So, that's not what you were at 7 on the door of the Montague and have a billion and a space that Then I ask on the 70 billion mark account, that's so much knowledge.silencelaughsinaudibleinaudibleinaudible It's part of my career between states and exploring. It's not again, but the rest of the world. Complete loss and infinity. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MusicMusicMusic are some things that I'll see.silencesilence Thank you.MUSICMUSICinaudible It is assumed that there is a system in the NIMS, there is a lot. What am I going to do? It is not possible to know every detail and every fine print, but the basics. you need to know. There's a cow's box. I'm just kidding, it's a trouble. There you are.silencesilence How would you do with it, Lamas?silenceMusicMusic Oh, you see the end? I'm going to try to get a little bit of the effect on the other side of the screen. I'm going to try to get a little bit of the effect on the other side of the screen. I'm going to try to get a little bit of the effect on the other side of the screen. Click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click I need you have a bit of help. I'm going to cross through this. I'm going to cross through this. I'm going to cross through this. I'm going to cross through this. I'm going to cross through this. Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silence I'm going to make a line line to the lathe mount and then you can mark through the link in the description. You mark the top shirt when you are at the top of the process and it is from the top here. So you don't need more of this in the head.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSOUNDno audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Yeah I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. We are going to do another 4-5-10 acts.MusicMusic We fake this and I'm going to do a little bit more. So, I'll put it in the bottom, and then there's the stats, and then there's a... No shit. Well, no. Well... So, I'll put it in the bottom. Thank you guys, and for the new TIO, we'll be very grateful to you all for that kind of side-powerful, TIO, we'll be very grateful to you all for that kind of side-powerful, TIO, (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence A bit more in these are the person. T is in. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)silencesilence Silence Silence >> Which is blank area, isn't it? >> So I know that there are any dates? to back up for my any day with the tomato. I'm going to attempt to dispel it or I'll sip it.silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> This is very helpful. >> No. So, I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one.silencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silenceno audiono audio I'm going to get all the tickets and I don't want to.silence Thank you very much, thank you. Music Silence Silence Silence Silencesilence Excuse me.silencesilence I don't need a lot of language of this, but a lot of language is I don't like. I don't need a lot of language of this, but a lot of language is I don't like. Silence Silence That belongs to you. Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm going to show you guys a little bit more. I'm going to use the solution now and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to push it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need to press it out, and you'll need I'm going to go through the stones. Start to be a nice stone. Kindness out. (knocking on door) That's not enough. Oh, what? (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Thank you very much. So... So...Clears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilenceinaudiblesilenceinaudible I'm gonna use that now. I'm gonna use that now, but that won't stick.MusicMusic I don't know if I can get a little bit of a couple again or a little bit flicked, but that's a rude. I don't know, that's a rude. (clears throat) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) I'm just going to start by marking the length of the point of the plane. I'm going to do it.SighsSighsSighs You now stand up. What will you believe in? You now speak up. What will you believe in? What will you believe in? You now speak up. What will you believe in? What will you believe in? The 89 years old, but you're just at the end of today, and you'll be at the end of it. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no audiono audio Silence SilenceMusicMusic That's the most beautiful thing I've ever had. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence the .INAUDIBLE Silence I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party punty, you know, so I'm going to do my party pun (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silenceinaudiblesilence And it's interesting to be out in the vocals, in the old dead in silver, clearly, no. (clicks) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) and take a scene where it's in nature. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to me and you can't see it, it's good, she's so sure to make so sure to put me there, she's so sure to all of them, you know, so sure she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to all of them, you know, so sure she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so sure to put me there, she's so I don't know, it's all done. You know what I mean?MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Silence So I'll turn it here then. It's just here, I'll turn it up to the next one here, I'll explain. I don't know if I'm going to say it, but I need to have a little longer, a little longer, a little longer.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (crying) (clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to do that again, as you may have already heard, and to look my eyes in. Thank you very much, and I'll see you next time. you I'm going to do that again. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking)silence (laughs) (laughs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) Pause >> We see it here. Now we're killing it. Now we're going to go. Thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very muchsilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic We're going to need to hold it.ClickClickClickClickClickClickClickClickCLICK sitting tank as well you can paint the parts and don't say "oh will I hope it" and you can size up the room there's only this, there's only this one one ofMusicMusicCLICK >>INAUDIBLE (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Let me open it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilence but hold it down to the... You saw it getting a little hard to be able to come to me. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no audio Holy yeah, baby, I'm gonna get up.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Oops, that's cool, thanks, really, a little bit to that anyway, a little bit to that. (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)inaudible You can see it's hot.MUSICsilencesniffingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you very much. I think I'm going to miss it. Something in here, it's not good. I think it's just a little bit of a mess, and I'll see you in the next one, goodbye, I'm not saying it there. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to use this in a process of no, no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I'm going to use it in a process of no, I and pull that thing through the sleeve.Musicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedMUSICno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same That's for us, sir. I'm going to make things, then I'm going to... ...and then I'm going to get a little bit of a dial, ...and then I'm going to add a doorbell to it and then I'm going to add something else. That's a precise way to do that, but I'm going to make sure that I can... ...and then I'm going to add a little bit of... *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* Dr. Bussand got the liquor please just saying oh moo from the arthead so the rescuers to last year "Mensen muss sechs sieben und overleben" "Muten und er, denn die sechs sieben" I think I have a lot to eat and think about. I think I have a lot to eat and think about. I think I have a lot to eat and think about. I think I have a lot to eat and think about. I think I have a lot to eat and think about. I think I have a lot to eat and think about. I think I have a lot to eat and think about. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Pause Yeah, that's a lot of money, you know, you can't really get money. I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got a lot of money, I've got Pause >> Speaking in foreign language Thank you very much, I'm all good, so I'm going to send you a sheet of sister and your mother's last moments. Alright. Thank you very, very, very much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (sniffing) That's it. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit.INAUDIBLE Pause PauseBellBellBellsilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence You know what? I'll surely leave it in. University.silenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I don't even need it to make say. I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do it so I don't want to be able to do And we'll be able to do a style, and we'll be able to do a style. Don't conquer it, I don't think so, I'm either one. Oh, there he is. 3, 2, 1. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.INAUDIBLEPausePauseSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Uh-oh. Well then, I'll go ahead and score a third, so I'm going to go for it here. I'm going to do a nice win, I'm going to do this as you're on the right now. I'm going to do a nice bit here. I'm going to go for a bit here. to build on the off factor check. So so (mimics clicking) Just a little else in on it. (mimics clicking) Okay, it's almost. Okay. Okay.silencesilence Sorry.silencesilence I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of thesilenceinaudible (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to say, listen, listen.CLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You can crop it in the zone there you go. That's the Kenya.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMusic We are going to be in the sun.Music >> I feel like I'm in the daylight. Let's fix the story right before we start the video break. Let's see what we have here also. We have 9% of last part of 9%. Let's see. Let's see if I can do all this stuff. Let's go again. I just got to record a video of it on the board. I'm back in just to... I want to see if I can do it on the board. I'm just going to do a little challenge. *sniff*silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know why I'm here. Seek and say, "Oh, in total, here it is." That's all not here. Eight more people are seeking me, I don't know if I've ever thought about it. I don't know yet. "Tot and tot." "I crew on, but doch and knock." "To hear lekes." But why are we still not able to make it here? I wanted it day and night at the same time. Why did no human on the planet ever try to solve? Why? That is the idea I will propose. That's what I'm going to propose. This is a stupid example, but this is what it is. I'm going to close the cover for later, I'm going to be in catchance, but that's if it's...Music And this tells us.Music Silence Silence Silence One place, vessels. So, I'll be tonight.silencesilencespeaking in foreign language Almost finished and we'll see what we can do. We'll see how we can make the pitch all the half full. More details to actually have nothing more. We'll also make new flんだ caps. What?MusicMusic The vision, the dream, and the power. the role of the show, while we will take takes different pen and newspaper. you you you you you you youSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Silence Silence Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll see you guys later. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE (sniffing) I don't know where I'm going to go. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles)MUSIC (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence There's a bank in, I don't know. I'm not going to just be silly, like, kill the stream and see how it goes, maybe I'll start cooking. So, well... just selecting... to make sure that you're in the position. Long as you have a section... I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don'tsilencesilence (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing)silence Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (exhaling) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (air whooshing) (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (coughing)silencesilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to start the doubts, and then I'm going to do a little... You just need to be in the 10th of September, when I was... Oh shit, shit. I'm going to be in the 10th of September, when I was... I'm going to be in the 10th of September, when I was...silencesniffingsniffingsniffingno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilence (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) Silence MusicMusic I'll be back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back,MusicMusicMUSICINAUDIBLE (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) You'll be reading more of the matches of Nike in the fourth quarter. So, three-fifth percent score. with the owner of the floor and the owner of the door of the door. The famous brand, the lovely rises. The group seems to stand forward. Ah, that one is a 360-week-actor building stream. So I want to make a full online shop that's not going to be here soon. That's an overwhelming sense that you can't understand. You need to understand how you can handle the pubic. In for a person who's been there. Proceeds to be possible on the 50-year-old's right to be able to feel this by guitar out of the world once. To be able to feel this by guitar out of the world, it is necessary to be able to feel this by guitar out of the world. It is necessary to be able to feel this by guitar out of the world, it is necessary to be able to feel this by guitar out of the world. From the transition to the new transition, it could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me It could also be a small profile, the career and connect me to events. That's what twenties go through. That is for the authority. For that select from all credit, this week, 20% for the authority that accrued in itself on, and like a legend. Okay. I'll select the old spell. Shit. Hurry on in. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I'm having a good words. Oh, shout with your lean soul behind, and don't want to say, but then so is it. So I'll have to be, and who's been with me for my whole death? (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Right around the ruins on my side ♪ ♪ In the skin of what lands the right hand side ♪ ♪ And I saw the way she looked me right ♪ ♪ She left me and she got up ♪ ♪ And I was just in time ♪ ♪ Oh, I see what they heard ♪ ♪ She left the feet behind my plate ♪ ♪ She checked me and he came to me and she found ♪ ♪ See if you wait for it to come out ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Background Sounds Music MusicBELL RINGS MusicMusic MusicMUSIC Hey, pizza.MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic the easiest way to do it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMusic Music Music Music ♪ I need to go with you ♪ ♪ To live the way that's live the way ♪ ♪ I have to live the way that's live the way ♪ ♪ To live the way that's live the way that's live the way ♪ Music >> A times three music. Music Music MusicMusic ♪ Mr. Padden and Mr. Dick ♪ ♪ What should we get? ♪ ♪ Should we sign it? ♪ ♪ Should we stop? ♪ ♪ You're the one who's like everybody ♪ ♪ You're the one who's like everybody ♪ Music ♪ Is it born in the beauty of the sheep ♪ ♪ Rain that shivered and was looked to me ♪ ♪ In all of the mist ♪ ♪ Here it's seen from it ♪ ♪ And born it is born to be born ♪ ♪ And when you can't bring it, what's it? ♪ MusicMusic Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The best of the impede people, which I think is natural to think that on ourselves, in our worst of our childhoods and what's all got meaningful for Israel and its ancient safety birds. Because it's gankerskava, Israel's troubles, the worst of warms, the worst of oxygen, the worst of francs, the best, and I'm going to do bulk stuff, but I'll be here. There's team efforts in some haunted funerals. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Marching as well, some bend and bend declines, that was to be the most relaxing. The man worked in the field, and he lived in a nine-year space in the gym in Antwerp, and he learned a lot from the CQS. But it was a lot of fun, and the uncle of Wortsman stayed so much fun, and then he had a football, and he played for one, and the other one, the new one later. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music If you pay with tall kids' glory, what would you say if you had just one question? "Mier, here I am, here I am." ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪Music Music ♪ Heaven, just hear the sound of the saints ♪ ♪ In all the prophets together ♪ ♪ Yeah, the loudest ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Love is to touch me together ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ Music Music Background Sounds ♪ I'm glad I did it, it's a great thing ♪ ♪ Yeah, I did it, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Music Music It's joking, feel.MUSIC MusicMUSIC ♪ You think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you think, you thinkMusic MusicMusicMusic Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Music Inaudible Remark Music Music MusicMUSIC Music MusicMusicMUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music Music >> Good times, great musicians, you know. Music Singing in foreign language ♪ And I'm free proud of you ♪ ♪ The days are on the guns, the warm days are on the line ♪ ♪ I think I'm still bright in between ♪ ♪ And I'm disposed of my society ♪ ♪ I did it too, I did it ♪MusicMusicMusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) It is too easy.MUSIC I'm a true lover. Blackbird, sing in the dead of the night. Jpeas of eyes learn to see all your life. You are only waiting for this moment to be free. ♪ Black bird flying ♪ ♪ Black bird flying ♪ ♪ It's not black night ♪ ♪ It's not black night ♪MUSIC Music Music J.P. working with me and Samana. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) I hope you'll be able to teach good news to Bethlehem, see you in the same season. Go for it, baby, you know, just go for it. Interest your impact on your hearts. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no (Speaks in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE I believe in you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language from this. If we're in the same game and we're doing this in front of you. the best. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time.INAUDIBLE I think since they came back to me, they found out that he's here. It's a dream. It's one of my favorite things to do. She's been trying to make me feel so weird. Yeah. Yeah. So, I think I'm going to talk about it. I think I'm going to talk about it. I think I'm going to talk about it. I think I'm going to talk about it. It's a dream. It's a dream. I think it was so much fun, it's horrible, but we're cut. Not much, it's a special. Yeah, like, I love it. In fact, I'm a bit of a ball. You buy it and it's your own. You really love it. You're so much fun. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Pauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Ah, pal, to the architect, to the architect, so I'm going to do a sample of the function. The bottom page. Okay, let's do this. (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) >> Let's start. >> That was a nice. Pause Pause Good, that is great. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know what to do before that. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence You can see, you show what even you know, you believe, you shut shit in the top. Let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, let me sleep, I just want to make sure you're up, there's no way we want to read it for you. It's so pretty. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pausesilence (sniffing) So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough. So, you know, it's really tough.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause 30, 4, and 7.clicksclicks I'm sorry, I'm a police officer, it's not good. There are some of those. I saw them some. You don't even need them. I saw a couple of them. I could see the six of you.SighSighSigh (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)LAUGHINAUDIBLE If I saw you, I would have suffered a lot of poor history of some other stuff. I didn't have one. I'm getting it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Nation building. I'm going to have to fix that, I'm sure it can be better to be going to see a clue in the video.FOREIGN I want to thank you all for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you all for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Next, okay. I just need to save my bed. not cardable deficits. If it went up too far you need to make it go down too far, for a while. Just interesting to Chinese are massive and bad reads, but all you hide in combustion is. Don't just do the thing everywhere That's something This time we'll go to the next It's top-chlorinated Silence This is the view of the plane. I'm on a VM tuning data and without anything telling me what to do with this. Thanks for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll show you what it means to do. Show me what it means to do. Show me what it means to do. Show me what it means to do. Show me what it means to do. Show me what it means to do. Show me what it means to do. Show me what it means to do. Show me what it means to do. Show me what it means to do. Show me what it means to do. Show me what it means to do. Then I'm down, looking at the map. See if you can do it. Let's go in this. So thanks for 15 more percent. Thank you. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) He's just quick and good at animals. So, I'm going to miss my head on the ground. (laughs) It doesn't make any sense, or whatever it is. (laughs)XBOX SOUNDsilencesilencesilence Why do I think that the Irish Revolution and the 30s, um, where the body is so much of the Irish Revolution? I just create people of shots and I find it the best way to do it. I'm just going to get out of the way, you know. You don't need to find out.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Cannot plan such things for Calto V and stay on the Palletish and others not. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> Hello. You don't want to speak, now we can make our way to the point where we are part of the circus. Thank you for watching. Sorry, then I will stop you arguing about everything and then I decided and you need be manipulated by me deciding that's actually it you you (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You know, the bits of that like perspective as well, you know, to be honest. You know, it's still about the minute. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence So I'll just roll forward as well as on the fence. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) better than the way of communicating with you anyway. A standard. A standard. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence What's the pain? I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> No way, probably. five minutes out to me, people. The richest echoes well and both. I can assume to be still alive. I don't think that I'm going to be ready for it. I'm going to pass it on. I don't think that I'm going to pass it on. I don't think that I'm going to be ready for it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I guess I'm trying to stand off our back inside. It seems to defy me a lot of people. Kind of being a soldier can be right for this, that you can't change it. Something you know about it, something you know about it, something you know about it, and that's made you through the past, when you know it, so don't be false in your mind. and just...no audiono audio (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)Music Silence Silence and I don't know. Well, I know I'm here for people and I'm here for people and I'm here for people. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Yeah, you know, I'll give you a second one, I'll show you this one. Oh, oh. I don't want to look like that, but I'll see you in the next video. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Pause (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)INAUDIBLE I'm very shunned by someone who can't really support my dating with my boyfriend, but I'm quite natural. I'm getting a lot of time. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> What a worse in the county side of the country. This Boris are well-picked to be. Boris are boring things. I didn't get it. Boris are what you used to drill a hole in the hole. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence and be sure to buy over right now.SIGHS (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) >> Another buddy. Maybe you don't know what I mean, you see it's often things. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. We don't. But then everything. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) I think I can imagine how it's like, I think I can imagine how it's like, I think I can because I'm just not this. I wouldn't do this. I wouldn't. Yes, that can be prepared on CaliClay and I will just kill the rest of the kills. So let's see what we can do. Get away the one-ocean. It's not so good. (sniffing) You're done, let's see what we need to get. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm not trying to eat some of this. So I'm just going to feel like I'm watching a bunch of people. I don't think I can say a deal. I can do it, so I will do it in two, so I will just open it also and come up here, I need to well, come up here, I need to put it up there. It's not control, it's just a little, I don't know, playing hard on it. You know what I'm saying? I'm paying for that one. I'm paying for that one. I'm paying for that one. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudible Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You just wish it was my goal to survive this, but that's what we need to be like family just to go away. Well, I can see it, you know, I'm a bit nervous.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So to then, agency or more like a thing, tank about defense, there's probably fun with the crunch. I'm going to show them all that I'm going to be able to read. Just a couple of people trying to put their heads together, and they forgot to be good at it, and maybe too much influence from the other lobby group, but not something that resembles an army, and on the corner is the second British New Year. (sighs) No, I don't want to change. I don't want to change. I don't want to change. I don't want to change. I don't want to change. I don't want to change. I don't want to change. I don't want to change. I don't want to change. So, I'm going to stop eating so it's a feeling of ocean and you find it also. So, I'm going to stop eating so it's a feeling of ocean and I'm going to stop eating so it's a feeling of ocean and you find it also. I guess we'll have to try to dissect it and see what's in it, and I'll kind of make this go already. Well, the motion's not boring. Very motley. Make a two-step.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (Music) Chill back to the future. Maybe I won't make you call them dead, come on. (Music)silencesnifflessilence There are those who know the source, the source, the source, and it's a theory.silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking on door) (sighs) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) and and (sniffing) - You're really cold, what's going on there? (laughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) Pause Inaudible Remark (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicINAUDIBLE It's all the hydrogen or combustion engine problem. Problem. Can we be odd? Maybe you need to give this steam engine with hydrogen or something. Ah. For how come all this? Oh no, you have to freeze it, I'm not peeing. Oh no, you have to freeze it, I'm not peeing. Oh no, you have to freeze it, I'm pressuring it. Oh no, no, no, no. I'm going to launch you, I'm going to launch you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, I'm going to put some of the air here for the last news. That's it. The last news. The last news, and there will also be a fun video. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)POPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPINGPOPPING 93% of the world's refinements capacity of lithium is in China. (coughing) - What else do you do? - Lid to my feet. - Lid to my feet. - Lid to my feet. I'm going to get that out of my ass. I'm going to get that out of my ass. I'm going to get that out of my ass.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay, just do do the same direction. Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence (bell ringing)MusicMUSIC Oh, some more shots, I'm not sure. Background Sounds Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Thank you. You better start playing notes, I'm glad I did.MusicMusic Ah!MusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence (snoring) (snoring) (snoring)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) Ah, just a little more. Pause. Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to. I don't think I want to.SighSighSigh >> Well, yeah, that's nice, and now I'll just sit out for a little bit more now. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Just imagine a power subset for these words. But it can't be a root source for you.silence (knocking on door) I'm not being bothered at all, I just... Background Sounds Yeah, except on page, there will be a deal with him. That's probably 50% of the amount. Now I try to not create an amount. I want to feed, and it's out to it.MusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking I don't know what I'm going to say yet, but I don't know how many of us keep on thinking. just not sure.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (whistling) (whistling)no audiono audiono audiono audio So, we're going to look at the book on our ablations. This is false. We'll put it in the description. I mean, in the right, in the right. I'm out of breath. I lost any of it. I'm out of breath. I'm out of breath.Music (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detected or is it going down to the same thing, all of those glasses, but still you have to try you're on me? I don't know if you can't think of what it could be like in your own life, because that is... That's it. Let's try them as...SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I don't know if she was never going to get her in front of the moon or not, just to go out. This can be it, yeah.silencesilence I'm just going to give it a picture for him. You're going to see him in my room.Sighs (claps) (claps) (sighs) - I'm gonna tell you how to release them now. I'll hold up, let's see. (sighs) Let's see, let's see, let's see. (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Hey silence stop this you're wasting Exist Too what needs to be done, but anyway, she cannot speed the end of it. So what? The end is really the end. The last possible imaginable end. (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> I'm going to do some of the other things. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLEMUSIC (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence to do what? Really, don't do that. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it.MUSICMUSICMUSICMUSIC Do you not know who I am? Only tell them stories, all the misses, and things that they make sure are yourself, all of them. Of course it is!knocking on door (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Not good. There's nobody reposing itself. I need to fight with this one. Come on, let's...clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickPausePause That's what we were about. Oh no, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, right down here, Don't do it, don't do it, don't do it, don't do it. Thank you for watching. .silenceclick (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I want to see you in two minutes of the year. Good to see you in two minutes. It's playing for a few years or so, but we've all been waiting for it. It's a challenge. Cut the process, it's a challenge. We seem to enjoy the challenge. It's a challenge. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking sound) It was really, really very good, a lot of bloody men put in there was, really, really great. That was correct, it was not biased and you didn't even need to hear what was wrong. But later, it is chapter of the anime that was by Tom, but I was sure it was okay to ignore it. Yeah, really. So that's what it meant. the the But I'm not sure I do it. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) to I'm not going to let you go, I'm not going to let you go. (coughs) That's not why I just saw it very nice. Definitely less along the extra position. So, somebody take a look at that reset. (coughs) (coughs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilence (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Hey, if you're... (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter)Music ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, thank you, Grace. ♪ ♪ There are people coming in ♪ ♪ You can't let them bother you ♪ ♪ Make it better for you ♪ >> Yeah, let's make a video.BEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPING (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling)BEEPING (whistling) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Wow.