[00:01:53.32] USB Live Camera audio:	INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Okay, this is it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'll see you in the next video. Bye! See you in the next video. Bye! See you in the next video. See you in the next video. See you in the next video. See you in the next video. and now click this results. So, I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the second one. I'm going to start with the second one. I'm going to start with the second one. I'm going to start with the second one. I'm going to start with the second one. I'm going to start with the second one. So much hells there is a problem with the result of the loss starts in the last Another yarn's vecking and yes, you don't feel trapped in centers, now a physical attraction that you can get for. Okay, let me just get to the order you bought it, etc. So, it's not because I said Venus, Venus, Venus, and the Earth's destiny that sets the game up. Thank you for watching. not so far. It's a foreign actor in a foreign emotion. So, yeah, this is a true show that gives you a real sense. It's a case of me sick living on me. Shit. >> Well, my gosh. >> I know, I'm experienced. I'm going to give you a little bit more time to talk about the rest of your business. Why are you isn't known this year enough? It is for any other reason, and your boy is just a crime by the way. You You You Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you veryinaudible She used to be in the list of my mom. So if there's any such thing as warningness, like every transverse, it's a word to you, but that's enough to go with this gun. So for all the reason, I'm going to open the analog line between me and remember you are. I'm going to start with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit And now you get transferred to a feeling so that you know what I mean, but when I have a feeling so that you're ready to say what words in the wrong words and then you can't transfer a feeling so that you have to be on one and the same. The analog line is the direct connection, which is not flowing from analog to digital and the login from digital to analog. So it's not flowing in a more similar manner. There are no silly questions that are answered. I don't know which is not centa-shared, but the lingual law, communication and language is feeling strongly in impressions at the most. Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. So, how can you list the list in the first piece for so many meetings, and visit some of the meetings? So, again, my videos, my pings. all the specifics to the thermostimum gets received to the point where they are reduced to the thermostimum So all our options are small, I mean, big and massive, which is this. So, does it know the difference between both pressing the finger or seizing the next to it?INAUDIBLE But, you know, in this and the motions, games, the 13th on the 15th, the 11th, the 11th, that's the 4th, the 9th, the 9th, the 9th, the 9th, the 9th, the 9th, the 9th, the 9th, the 9th, and then I'm going to do a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit There is of course a same thing as this. 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10 and I feel this is a series of 50 possibilities for something that we don't really see from changing the mood. So let me say, I don't know. (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING I'm going to start through the handle there and go on and on and it's outing too much.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceMusicMusicno audiono audiono audioinaudible Silence Silenceinaudible Thanks for watching! Silencesilence There are crows. They don't care about it. There's a cinnamon bomb. They don't care about the demons.INAUDIBLE I don't think I'll just use this to make sure I keep coming back to suggest. I don't think I'll just use this to make sure I keep coming back to suggest. You I don't think I'll just use this to make sure I keep coming back to suggest. I'm going to miss someone who has 50,000 views without knowing the meaning of it. So, let's start with the details. Silence Silence Silence >> Like this.no speech detected SilenceINAUDIBLE So, thank you, and I'm going to do a little bit more of this, and I'm going to do a little bit of this I'm going to take the same step. I'm going to take the same step. I'm going to take the same step. I'm going to take the same step. I'm going to take the same step. I'm going to take the same step. I'm going to take the same step. I'm going to take the same step. Silence Silence Silence Silence and Pause Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence