[00:00:00.11] OneOdio FM1:	no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> Well, I'm going to get a prize. second click on the next one. Thank you. Thank you. It's a little much conclerning. and then either one, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, So, we're going to come across this. I'm going to become cleaner. I'm going to become cleaner. I'm going to become cleaner.silenceinaudible So, this is our classroom. So, this is our classroom.silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible to be in my school. I like it, I think it is. There's not much to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I guess I didn't know so well myself, but to me it's fine. I guess I didn't know so well myself.Music around the village and you should leave in a lot of time. you you you Thank you.silenceinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMUSIC I'm just going to be applying the help that I'm doing to the directs. It sounds absurd. It seems it's a technique to assess the objective. Because it has conversations.silence This is the same color as the color of the screen. Change.silence In a similar list, try to prepare the drop, and then declare a difference to permission. In a similar list, see more discolors. and then you just wait for a second, and then I'm going to let's see what I can do to transition. I'm going to send you all the worship items. I'm sure about the things that you need to do. and I will show you how to confirm your shield and how much time you've been using it. I will show you how to confirm your shield and how much time you've been using it. Silence Silence And I assume that I'm 17, and I'm alone in this question, and I want to stay within this team, and I'm sure I've gone too far. I'm sure I've caught a new one.MusicMusic Choose your business. Choose your business. Choose your business. Choose your business. Choose your business. Choose your business. Choose your business. Choose your business. Choose your business. Choose your business. Choose your business. You know, using the line, just function is to be replaced. You need to mash something as well as everything you've ever mixed in. Not your changes, there's nothing you can't forget. You're the self-denous. You need to mash something as well as everything you've ever mixed in.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I'm very glad in question when I hope this to get to, there's a lot of mark to my question going on. I always can't even know. So I'll be forcing people and people wanting to do this, to have trust of me because I wasMUSIC I'm assuming I don't like getting any assumptions out of the law of sort of kept you in place, thought you said it's a little annoying and specific, so there was a story on it. So let me see what I'll feed back. You're watching now to encourage your community to watch what's on the show with you guys, and directly we will see what new encounters are.no speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So I will just add the eventually project to the master. So I will just add a little bit of the first step. So I will just add a little bit of the first step.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'll show you the rest of the code. It's okay, I'm not sure if you're still in the video. I'll show you the rest of the code. I'll show you the rest of the code. I'll show you the rest of the code. I'm still the way it's on your pain, your pain, and your front injuries.silence Then the extremes can go both ways. Can't keep on the wanting which are against salon, constitution, or you can buy those. to get people to change or include in constitution. That's what I'm going to know, and the first case, everything come up now. Okay, there's no.., and so just as I'm just so around to keep them creating me, not as I'm the mouse you keep on, you know, people don't change, or so. What does an Anarchy or be? I have to go out of the shop and it's just that we can't put these to music, but I'm really nervous. I'm nervous, I'm nervous. We are asking to give a thought of this once, and they should have been a little bit of success. So I feel we go shading and let's just magic. to show you what's in your typical store in a painter's shop. You need to find a more interesting customer to store. (door slams) (door slams) I'll leave it so nice to sit down on the stone and take my horse and you want to go to the stone. the team that are amazing and also to know what they must have really stood for, 'cause you're raiding a better world and taking up your rights and the debt from all the historical collections, probably the debt from all their specific.INAUDIBLE So, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but I'm (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. Please take a picture to make a short tip on that. Thank you for watching. You Thank you for watching. Silence Silence