[00:00:52.72] OneOdio FM1:	Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedCLICKsilencesilenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) Silence Silence (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Silence Silence Please go ahead. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected That must have been it. Also, an operation, military or intelligence from the STEM services is over. Why is it so long to hold? We now have information, I just say okay yeah, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Salon, we killed Oh, you can't all the information, so you can use the search link in the context. (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) (Pause) Good, the stinker buds stayed all those things on the bottom of the nice things, so good. Russian or the enclose of the absence to discover the latest occupation of the text and searches. But they now more if all the... ... definitely others like... ... Chicks and Laws for the showroom around prison. No, I've got two more left, you've got one.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSilenceSilence And there's the Russian Factory where Christa put their name on their buckets. Oh, and he said, "Oh, he's a good guy." And he said, "I'm doing a bit of a slow-mo, but..."silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Like a single note.silencesilencespeaking in foreign language I can name it, I can go and sign that model with it. So, I'll be yesterday and I missed it. So, I can go and sign it with it. Okay, right. Good day. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceinaudiblesilence So, yeah, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washingtonsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So some out of fire safety and kick.inaudibleinaudiblesilence This is the solution that's just a drop in the middle of the stick, and then a lot of this is the coffee machine for the other.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence There's no place to go in. Let's also sit in the corner of your session with them. Thank you very much for your time. You Thank you very much. >> Okay, that's it, the difference.Sighs What the hell is this?SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit Background noise Background noise You're the else, come to me, come to me. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Background noise Background noise Background noisesilence I'm just gonna go to sleep. Shh. I need you to go ahead and also go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go Silence Silence Silence Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCOUGH Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceinaudible Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE I'm just going to have to stay one more time to be able to do it. It's hard to imagine. It's still going to be between following this session.INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudible This like people never stops. We'll take that scene to be sure to see if there's anything we can do to make it a little more fun. Pause >> It's a long, long time ago. What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? What do you decide this then in this Saturday night? line to the edge of the leg, so we're going to have to go in there to make a pause and take it.silence Well, what I was saying is that it's not as much of a frame to say, it's just to be lying that that suffering is what you're reflecting and feeling by the way, because you're the problem.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Why are there so many things? Nice to meet you, my most many ones. I'm... ...in the machine. I'm in the machine. We'll meet in the future. Seventy-one. You're going to be responsible for this. Just so. If you don't, you talk to the people that you just say okay, that this goes to the people that carry over shouldn't it? They'll talk to you. I'm going to walk to the side and then from the side to the bottom, because we don't need a lot to take more of a piece of teffa out in the middle of it. We'll stop to ask people to live here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence the .no audiono audioinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, this is the end of this video.Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencelaughssilencesilencesilenceclicking soundclicking soundclicking soundclicking sound Silence Silence Silence Silence >> Hey. >> Hey. Cotton balls are a big iron stone. You can use a wooden stick to make a hole in the middle. You can use a wooden stick to make a hole in the middle.silencesilence Thank you. . . Also, but, uh, it's not your video. You might not see it. It was not my kid. I'm not going to spot it on my chest. I just don't think it's more fun than that. I'm very sure not. I'll leave you in the third and then you can't get a spot, it's the most clear cuteness. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Because, the natural and the most important thing to do is to make sure that we are doing the things that we are doing in our motion and so it helps. you yousilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm not talking about this but I'm just... I'm just seeing how it's going to work with this function. I'm going to fill in what it is. Okay. Then I'm going to start with... I'm going to start with... I'm going to start with...inaudiblesighingsighingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I don't know what that is, I don't know what it is. Silence Silence I'm going to have to go to the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one, the next one (keyboard clicking)Pause (inaudible) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) to change the question, the community, the local business.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Silence SilenceSilenceSilence Thank you. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do a nice six. I'm going to do a nice six. I'm going to do a nice six. I'm going to do a nice six. I'm going to do a nice six. Silence Silence If this has any theme, I'll see you in the next video. Thanks for watching. Have a nice day. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thank you. Thanks for watching. and the cell phone can be lost, it's not on the 12 inch screen. What's the focus? Not coming forward and then.., and then.., and then... Silence Silencesilencespeaking in foreign languagesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know So, I must see that, that's it, but I will need to knock back to it, to tell it in, excuse it, and you know, I will make it. But in the mask I was such, I could talk to you saying. I don't know what to say.silenceinaudiblesilenceclicking (speaking in foreign language) Okay, there's a drinker, okay. Thinker, okay. Okay, there. Okay, there. Okay, there's a drinker. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one.silencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Oh, yeah, go ahead. Check the motherboard. Oh, my auditions. I'm not going to use any of these in the video.CLICKING You're not supposed to come. You can't let the party get shut for a little bit. So, I'm going to make a pass. Silence SilenceinaudiblePauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC We don't like to be not to be mad, but I like not to be a new child. No, not to be a bookie, but to be here with us a little bit. For all of you. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)PausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to have to go to the other side and do the other side of the bucket. I'm going to have to go to the other side and do the other side of the bucket. I'm going to have to go to the other side and do the other side of the bucket. I'm going to have to go to the other side and do the other side of the bucket. I'm going to have to go to the other side and do the other side of the bucket. I'm going to have to go to the other side and do the other side of the bucket. I'm going to have to go to the other side and do the other side of the bucket. I'm going to have to go to the other side and do the other side of the bucket. I'm going to have to go to the other side and do the other side of the bucket. I'm going to have to go to the other side and do the other side of the bucket.SIGHS Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence So here I might sink, water in the window, in the middle of this window, and when I match that, that's what it brings, here's the air here's where we're going, and it was not in. is in water to the north of Eftif, the Bensis square, I'm possibly in the north, so I fill the loss and pass for sure to be... Class 1, you know, if you need to ask the power to tell his name, the loss, let's call it. I'm going to put it into the right, into the national security. Not a lot of people still have options. I'm going to put it into the national security.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Background noise Background noise Background noise Silence Music (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to see what you're doing. I'm going to see what you're doing.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to start with the moving mode. (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)CLICK (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilence I'll take it and find it, be able to tell the system to move it, but I can't pull it (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected You know, if not, I'll just slow down. So, I'll just slow down. Pause PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silencesilencesilence Silence (clicking)INAUDIBLE Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence I'll work it clearly in the . Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence >> The gosh, going to be a little bit more. and you'll be a malicious man. Any presence in the call already? Telling me you'll not help me, I don't want you. You have a significant ability, right now. SilenceMUSIC Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence