[00:00:01.51] OneOdio FM1:	Pause Pauseno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audioCOUGH Silence SilenceCOUGH Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Stop this. Hope we had any doubts around this round. Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (sighs) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I am learning so short of language where everything is in the book. Silence And then the next one I'm going to talk to about this. Thank you very much for watching. You Thank you very much. Silence Silencesilencesilence So I'm just going to send it to you. Silence So, this is the first case in the same, right? So, this is the first case in the same, right? So, this is the first case in the same, right? So, this is the first case in the same, right? the same one. The last one is in the remaining elocential sentence. The consent of young with the same sentence in the name of the new I'm not saying you're new in the number of new incentives. I'll just say. You should be able to send these right in the state. Can you really make a new mistake? Probably something that you've got. You should be pretty not going to send it. I'm gonna get to any closer.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible And I'm going to leave for another lesson, all the sales. So, I'm going to do some last time. There's no last time. I'm going to do another year's work on. I'm not sure if it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal. It's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, It's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normal, it's normalsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence This is the piece of it. (keyboard clicking)MusicMusic Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audio people can't see me again. and see if you can stick out some of the things that you can't do, and block the reactions.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) - Well, there will be a lot of video. So why doesn't that be a shoes? What do you look like? Pause Pausesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you for watching and I will see you in the next video. That can last time so I will never know. Thank you for watching and I will see you in the next video.silence Miracles still in up in the... Maybe there will be some add options. Add some add options. Add some add options. I'm going to use a little bit of a bit of an action to put it around the fence, but I'll put it in an action to evaluate. Yeah.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudible So I'm going to go ahead and do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing, I'm going to do a little bit (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'll see you in the next one, let's have a beach tonight.no audiono audio Silence Silence I think I'm gonna need a twitter and a dept.com to see it. This is my shot. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun. I need a gun.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleCLICKCLICK (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceno audiono audio Silenceno audiono audio I promise you, I'm gonna come back. You're dead, babe. I'm sorry, I'm not dead yet, babe. You're dead, babe.SighsSighsSighs (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I need to choose all two to start the treat. Get that available accessible to everybody, most of them over. It's a bit citidil from the last, how much years I don't care. But it needs to be available in the zero. Years... Freedom of information that... By the way, you have all the information now, if you know how to put it all together, do so, make it available, expose the whole thing. If you would put the whole thing on an official approved stamp of approval by Everybody knows that they can act in the world. Nobody will even know I read it. Nobody will care. But I guess it's there. She will eat this no more, and I'm going to leave you here. You know, I want to take a seat. I'm going to sit. But it's there, it's a little bit, so you can guide people a little bit of documentaries and then there's the Netflix series and then there's a remake of the Netflix series before they do super monthly and telepathy something.Sigh Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio What can you help me raise your sister's sister? If you don't mind the ratio, can you be raised your sister's sister? Why you don't have a raise? You Oh, you can't miss this.MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SIGHS I also rest and sit and watch, and you do not need to turn my bread pre-version to nobody else. Mixed bread, you do not need to rest, and you do not need to rest and sit and watch. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible and now I'm blue ice cream the way I ice cream I like it because it's still, I don't know, it's just the end yes, it's just a garage and then the end of it all and the scaleless, chunky, this, of courseMusicMusic Thank you very much. and just to let you know that I'm so much and I'm going to say to check in this, it's too much to get to the ashes tell me you know that I'm okay, it's a little bit... okay I don't know what else to say. Silence Silence I like it in Europe, it's up to space.Silence The secret is once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute, once in a minute,Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence So, this is...silenceinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)sighs I'm going to say I'm going to replace, and that's his experience. This thing, I say, is innovation a crazy alongside, and it's never changed a thing like crazy on the other side.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I have to be sure that you can see the station. No, wait, you can see the station.SCREAMSSCREAMSsilencesilence I don't think I was all the subject in the last event, I don't think I was all the subject in the last event, I don't think I was all the subject in the last event, I don't think I was So you said they haven't been on yet. Thank you very much. I'm not just kidding. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Alligations, top to my lawyer. Thank you for your time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) This is an initial turn of the option. There you have it. Did you have things? Um... to the bed of the tree. I'll let you know the bed of the tree. So, let's see. For now. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking)silenceMusicMusic Okay, up to the top two, two, two, three. Okay, up to the top two, two, three. Okay, up to the top two, two, three. Okay, up to the top two, two, three. Okay, up to the top two, two, three. Okay, up to the top two, two, three. Okay, up to the top two, two, three. Okay, up to the top two, two, three. (mouse clicking) >> No. >> So. Just try other ideas and then you try to do something better. Don't want to snore like more than expertise or the people that probably live. I don't know.MusicMusicno audio Just anything worse, the cake, I can say that it's really, really, really hot, it's fun, it's just, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's He gets older than me in the software licensing role, but tell me all this gone, and then PPM, don't know what to say. Can we change the inside, can we put it in the storage, can we choose a very pretty customer, it's a pretty customer, it's a pretty customer, it's a pretty customer, it's a pretty customer. We need a, what do you need to do, let's just get to it. and that figure out how you want to do it to knowledge. That figure out how you want to do it to knowledge, to know that you are not being able to do it. you youPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause >> standard SOB standard operating procedure. Just get done all of it. I've got to get them in service centers, page.INAUDIBLEsilence Oh, and I also want to think, sorry, just let me down to this.silence How about with you, the sewing thing then? Oh yeah, we can do it. Yeah, that's what we used to do. You (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Pause Silence SilenceMusic It's clean. It's not okay. Cannot abuse me or anyone like this. It's not okay. Okay, stop this music, stop being used, just want to be in my spars. Stolen. You You for our corporate leaders in some customary projects. Thank you for your time. So, by an example, I'll see you next time. That's so good, that's so good. That's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's so good, that's That's so good, that's so good, that's so good. I don't know much stuff to get into in this bit. I can't solve it, and then there is one. To have a little bit more be infiltrated everywhere, and then there is a slight too much. YouINAUDIBLE Silence Silence So I'm going to start to go into this testing and I was like touching it like a, you know, I'm not talking much, and so I could not have used me because I was like, "Oh, I'm going to do this." This is a good business. You You You You You You You You YouINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Because it's the worst thing to accept. I'll see you all the other year, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, and I'll see you all the next problems, It must go together to take the pillows. I can't wait to see how you can get in the game. I can't wait to see how you can get in the game. I can't wait to see how you can get in the game. I can't wait to see how you can get in the game. I can't wait to see how you can get in the game. I can't wait to see how you can get in the game. I can't wait to see how you can get in the game. I can't wait to see how you can get in the game. I can't wait to see how you can get in the game. I can't wait to see how you can get in the game. I can't wait to see how you can get in the game. But I become not a hero becauseMUSIC Okay, until I was too old, somehow takes up a lot of work to make some of this really considerate of me as too old, so I should change something. That's the question I want to ask you. Yeah.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic The first one, no other than that one, 10. Let's see what you can do. Two minutes of my shoot. Six shoots. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE And here it is. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.no audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) >> What?silenceMUSICMUSIC Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audio I'm going to have to do this one on the other side of the screen, so I'm going to do this on the other side of the screen. I'm going to have to do this one on the other side of the screen. I'm sorry. I'm going to switch it to the next one. I'm going to give it a little bit more time. I'm going to give it a little bit more time. I'm going to give it a little bit more time. I'm going to give it a little bit more time.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, I am so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, soINAUDIBLE (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to put it on the other side of the screen. You'll be on it.silencesilence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence I want to animate the block to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3-1, to 3- Silence Silenceno audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio