[00:00:01.49] USB Live Camera audio:	Pause PausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oh, I need to speak English because otherwise this thing doesn't transpire. I'm using two microphones, actually three because one is a stereo microphone, yeah. Hello, yeah. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MusicMusicINAUDIBLEsighs I'm going to stand here.keyboard clickingkeyboard clickingkeyboard clickingkeyboard clickingkeyboard clickingkeyboard clickingkeyboard clicking Yeah, that would be good, we have a lot of new ones in our tools. Yeah, we have a lot of new tools. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Silencesilenceinaudiblesilence Thank you for watching. line in over a bit, and see. Should you do no volume at all? You're stopping and seeing no access to any changement. All the effects you have all of us in the classroom and proper cable. Is the name of this video? Or is it not the next video that you are going to put in graphics? Do you know all of us? Do you think I'm the same?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE I'll open it. Open it up. More cats than me just in the garden watching. I'll open it. >> We have to next log, and I'll see you now, there's all fishes.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (growling) (growling) (growling) (growling) (growling) (growling) (growling) (growling) (growling)inaudible I'll take that in my issue. I'm not sure. I'm going to get this as a... ...clash box.PantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPanting (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) But, it's a good one, mate.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS I don't know if I can get out of here, but I don't know if I can get out of here or not. I don't know if I can get out of here or not. I don't know if I can get out of here or not. That's not the essence. That's not the essence. You never know how to deal with it. Everyone will die.SighsSighsSighsSIGHS If you want to follow me, first of all, we will have the same recipe and secondly, because of the dangerous recipes in which I should decide to follow your course, to do this work on a certain level. (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You have the possibility that it doesn't even start to work. Alright, put your hands together.sighs (speaking in foreign language) Well, I'm going to look at what we said, how we're going to behave, it's exactly what I'm going to do. But it's always the same thing for me to do. The passage, I would have had more Spanish than in the rest, and all the other things. So I'm going to try to make a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bitno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Yeah Yeah, what's that change? There's always the guy who puts this button Kakar, huh? What's that change? Someone who decides to do it Someone who has... for this atrocity that is then...SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to put it on top. I'm going to put it on top. I'm going to put it on top. I'm going to put it on top. I'm going to put it on top. I'm going to put it on top. I'm going to put it on top. I'm going to put it on top. I'm going to put it on top. I'm going to put it on top. I'm going to put it on top. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of theClock ticking It's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the old it's the oldClock ticking I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I can sound on the other side of the screen. Pinky's just on the screen. Shit. Shit. Shit.SIGHSMusicMusicMusic (keyboard clicking)inaudible I'm not going to talk about that because it's a good thing. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm going to wipe out this, I'm goingSilence Go for it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) There are some buttons for the electric ones. Press on the "L" This one can be called "Over" or "C" This one can be called "OK" for "WAPS"silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silencesilence Okay, phone number one. I'm going to have to make my tick. Hi, I'm a large man. It's a lot more than I thought. I'm going to have to make my tick tick for a few more times. I don't know, I'm just saying that I'm not talking about the answer, I'm just trying to... ... not to give up, not to waste time, I don't know... ... not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up, not to give up ... I've already had my mind just for some sort of show that you haven't been... (clicks tongue) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll see you next time.silence (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) I'm just going to see what's going on. Thank you for watching. You You (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsMusicMusicMusicMusic with the real world.silencesniffingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible *Sings in French* *Sings in French* *Sings in French* *Sings in French* and . (speaking in foreign language) I'm starting to be bored so it's myself because I find myself to boring. I'll just sit and copy on the top. Because I've already done a lot of work, I'm going to put on some of the comments. I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don'tinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, I hope you enjoyed this video. you will really feel like you are going to be able to get out of here. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence They are talking about the door. Yes, of course, when we are making the same, but we already have it, except that there are a lot of people who are not aware of it. So, we don't have a solution, we don't want to talk about others. We need more people to pay attention to our customers. So the KKDOT, who is asking for this idea... ...like I didn't see it before. ...silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence But this is something that I will tell you about the topic of the topic of the topic. I put it on Twitter so that I can answer some questions. But it's a kind of challenge that we don't have to worry about. So, we have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit I'm going to push him up and I'll come in. I'm going to push him up and I'll come in. Silence Silence Coffee cream, so I think you know, yeah, I'm so good.inaudible I don't know if I'm a bit too much or not, but I'm still going to see if we can get a new game. 4-0, 16-0, and that's it. It's a bit weird. It's a game, and nobody talks about that.Sighs I don't know if I'm so good at it. I'm a little jealous, and I'll see you more at the next one. (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) Ah, a little bit, I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. You can't do it. (speaking in foreign language) it will cost 50 000 euros, it can cost 10,000, 50,000 No, it's 30,000, it's 30,000 Thank you for watching. you you youno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) Too cute. That's when you just saw the poor... Right, bye bye. SilenceMusic It's not so bad that I don't know if it's that bad or not. I'm going to open a file and check the list and check it out. Okay. Check it out. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm gonna keep it you you you you you you you you you (sniffing) I have a door. Well, maybe it's not there, but we got it. It's the door. It's the door. I have a door. I have a door. I have a door. I have a door. I have a door. I have a door. Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language)inaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio Music Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiosilenceclickingsilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Background Sounds Background Sounds (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)COUGHCOUGH SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCOUGH (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence SilenceCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Be sure to mail them.INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're real, you're realinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilence Silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio Well, close the top side and close the center, and also, we'll see you in the next video. Thank you.INAUDIBLE Thank you.INAUDIBLEMusicMusic So, we're going to put this in here. We're going to put this in here. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's on deep. Thank you. I'm not sure why you also play against your team, but I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why I'm not sure why Isilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesighing (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I hope it's all a new year to finish. I can't do it, but I hope it's all a new year to finish. I hope it's all a new year to finish. I hope it's all a new year to finish. I hope it's all a new year to finish. I hope it's all a new year to finish. I hope it's all a new year to finish. I hope it's all a new year to finish. I hope it's all a new year to finish. I hope it's all a new year to finish. I hope it's all a new year to finish. I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok, I'll see you in the next one, ok I don't know how to do it. I'm going to say no on table. I need only this.COUGHsilencesilencesilenceno speechinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Inaudible Remark (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilenceclickingclickingclickingclickingsilencesilence Silence Silence Thank you. Can't many imagine anything but watch the talk of tip-tops, so yeah, me telling my actors so on the other side of them. Okay. Check it. Check it. Check it. Check it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceno audiono audioMusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silenceinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audioINAUDIBLE I'm going to be talking to someone in English because I've been talking all the time in touch and just the views are so you know which yet another big voice very nasal sound feels like He feels like he is forcing somebody else to speak his own mouth control, somebody else please, it's her voice, because I got to be unique at this moment I'm not sure if it's her voice, but it's her voice, but it's her voicesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) - Like it. (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE And let's make sure that you're here.silence This here in power can tell us the power of the trees, it's actually a new shape. You go away. You go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you You go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away, you go away Silence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence She was searching DNA. Yes, also DNA from mosquito virus to the human body, there's altering the RNA of human cells. It's a little bit more exciting, but it's a little bit more exciting. (clicking) - Yos, but it's like malaria and all the radio disease. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm just going to make a little bit of a mistake. it hurts more to think why you would pick this if anything just makes you so stupid top all us Maybe I can ask the fishes in the aquarium that are too mortal. I would like to take a bath. Yeah, after life. I didn't know that I was going to work for stone nocturms. I was going to work for stone nocturms. I was going to work for stone nocturms.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)inaudibleinaudible Yes.inaudiblesilenceinaudiblesilenceno audio That's all there to it, right? Okay, no. So that's all there to it, right? Okay, all right. Okay. Okay. Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Silence Silence SilenceSIGHS (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Cool, you guys. Cool way to gush. Silence Silence So I never finished only expression aside. I do not read my thoughts, you only become more crazy. Take your ugly and that's dangerous.silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Music Yes, one is necessary to grab the fact that it's huge for you now, because we need to get attention for people that you will then allow to do anything because they are the mixed-tellest vision of the world. Silence Silence Silence But it's all about something. Well, these says it is... It's all about something. You You YouCOUGHsilencesilence Silence Silence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking sound) (clicking)silencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE as far as the feeding goes. Let me show you that sources. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silence Inaudible Remark (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected >> You got it. I need time to think this. I need time to think this. I need time to think this. I need time to think this. I need time to think this. I need time to think this. I need time to think this. I need time to think this. I need time to think this. I need time to think this.silence That's the point, that's what you need to do, you see how this is going to work. Pause >> Yes, very much. Pause >> That's it. Pause (sniffing) SilenceINAUDIBLE How can you live with uncertainty when you go to Chen or when you die? What is about you? Usually you want everything predicted or destroyed the other possibility, so the only you want has to happen because there's no other option than you want. How can you find a gate that you don't know? You know, that's certain. that you will get calls or kills. Just amount of time. You You You everybody. Sure there's going to be less of idiots fascist, no one else.laughslaughs You try to make everybody an-an-an-extorting everybody. Eventually you have free body. Well, would you describe what I saw in the last video? So if he's not yet blackmailing you, then he's... to go because you don't know when he will start blackmailing an abusing you to and when he does start to abuse you or to blackmail you or to start you or other other bad things that it becomes super dux and all that I can see you. Thank you very much. (sniffing) You have no trust whatsoever that you will never try to harm you So in a matter of time before we does And how much because Well, the things is okay We'll audition next steps. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.silencesilencesilenceno audio (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking)inaudible Oh, no. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not sure which one is this one, but it's not the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the You see it looks more pleasant? You're not the best at it? (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not sure if it's a disney boss or something. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think that's what I'm saying, but I don't know. The girls come to town and I'm being tracked. We still have some things to think. The British air is being... B.I. also is being here and I don't know. I'll take a picture of you. I'm going to start the expertise on the motor, because it's a bit of a shame I'll have to do it. I'm going to run for an hour and I'm taking a meter. It's going to take a few days. It's going to take a few days. It's going to take a few days. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePauseinaudible (mimicking) and save the 3rd one but take the 6th each. That's the end of the 4th format you had in English, the comprehension of the element of the phenomenon constituted. So, that's it.inaudible And then I'm going to talk to him. I'm going to call him, you see?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (knocking) And we line it up, and we pull up this. Yep, do whatever we find out. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusic and I'm going to take it out. I need to fill my second position in the corner. I need to fill my second position in the corner. I need to fill my second position in the corner. I need to fill my second position in the corner. I need to fill my second position in the corner. I need to fill my second position in the corner. I need to fill my second position in the corner. I need to fill my second position in the corner. I need to fill my second position in the corner. I need to fill my second position in the corner. I need to fill my second position in the corner.inaudible Inaudible Silence So I can all run around in Malin to all of my rig, so I forgot that this and I'll see if I can run him. It's a bit right to come, but I can't run any more, but I can run any more to him. I'll give you all the way to the place, because I can run any more to him. So, also I'm going to follow for a little bit of the machine. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Here's the thing I'm going to put in here. Silence And then we've already done a variation on one, and all of the top work on our top and (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll just have to motivate all of you to tell them if you tell others my notes or the texts that's gone, but I'll see you in part two. I don't want to jump, but I think they take a cross and do me a little bit more.silencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic So, I'll see you in the next one. Samir Akadun, Darugyan. I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now, I'm not going to be interested in you now (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE That's Charles. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I don't know how to point it out to us. (laughs) We'll face it, too, boy. Here.INAUDIBLELAUGH Oh, this... Oh, this... Oh, this is a good idea. Oh, this is a good idea. Oh, this is a good idea. Oh, this is a good idea. Oh, this is a good idea. Oh, this is a good idea. Oh, this is a good idea. (click) Staffing. I was able to make a count in Star, which was also the question of the colonial question. But the same, not the same, and I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I failed the question. there it's just on a block. So I'll see what my knee should do, I'm going to do some. Yeah, but I was just following the plan. or else you're Facebook and you have to log on with these things, so that's all I just want to do, I don't know if I'm not sure what I'm going to do with the phone. I was, I was, I'm okay. I tried to get to find speeches back from Martin Luther King, Jr. Nowhere to be found and always is this Facebook video. and another one from Dress but I couldn't with all the rest of the mod unless you uh... cp80 or your own version that would be somewhere but those not caught but the real Silence Silence Thank you, everybody.silencesilencesilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Peace.MUSIC Just a direct ganks, close struggle, a little bit to be all Mexican, no other people think no shits, can't go there are Mexicans, let's be in the house, there's no coming fromINAUDIBLE I guess people might, you get a sense of right behind them, because if everybody else, I don't know this one, so I didn't even mention it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilence There are times where the closure of this problem, the police comes back to slavery and so some of the softest. It seems to be the new problem. from like the big M2 and S2 and S2 from the bottom. The last one, the no-wall D6, I'm going to try to do the long, very good job. Thank you for watching, and this is a real thing or just something to complain. I'm afraid.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm not quite sure if it's moving. It is so loud, we're just going to run out of it.typing soundstyping soundstyping soundstyping soundstyping soundstyping soundsMusicMusicMusicMusic So, let's work with that, and you want to do this now? Big job or something? But still...INAUDIBLE Yeah, it's an X-ray puzzle. It's a puzzle. It's a puzzle. Yeah, it's a puzzle. Yeah, it's a puzzle. Yeah, it's a puzzle. Yeah, it's a puzzle. Yeah, it's a puzzle. It's too volatile, but it does sit there all in front of the living room. It's a medium-app car, a maker of cars needs to find some stability. It's a medium-app car, but it does sit there all in front of the living room. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. if there's enough to range, there's a lot of friends, need everything, so everybody can sell to you or ever to you or like I mean you know you know you know you're a big I don't know if you're asking me help or not. Okay, I want to do this by this thing. Like, that's the best computer ever, don't want me to show you why the best one, though ever been made, and I will always be the best one. So you know you only have to buy one. So you can read it for the ones. (laughs) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So that's of course the complete process made and the motion. I'm going to use this to make sure I don't have to worry about it, so I'm going to use this to make sure I don't have to worry about it. Why am I still alive? If I also should trust them? Some must be doing something right. I'm not sure if I should trust them. I'm not sure if I should trust them. I'm not sure if I should trust them. I'll show you what I did with the stomp on my brush. I'll show you what I did with the stomp on my brush. I'll show you what I did with the stomp on my brush.silence played in the last time. Why would I have to? Shout out to Kenya. What would I have to get out? Shout out to Kenya.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry, I don't know what I'm sorry, I don't know what to say.no audiono audio between this was on a stretch up a picture of a speedboat of a speedboatINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (indistinct) to support the groups.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence You have to only say that again, please. So, there was a proposing to do that.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence So now we're going to do that. We should probably just make you act in that room for a while. Okay. Gary Sources. Okay, and then I'll see. I'm using it in the front page.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I mean, like, how do you get me to get them to get me to get some bullets, so on some other shows, and that's what you're asking. There are certain points, bullets kill you to become some more deadly.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Let's see, again, see it. We can move on to this.silence Silence Silence I'm going to shoot my body before I actually do that. I'm going to shoot my body before I actually do that.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audiosilenceclickingclickingclicking (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clacking) - Oh, man. Come on, come on. SilenceMUSIC Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to show you this as a memory card, if you want to see it, I'm going to show you this as a memory card.silencesniffingsilencesilenceLAUGH Come on! Really? Really? Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (sighs) (laughs) Yeah Yeah, that's what that's only fair that's Yeah You You You I mean, I'm so far further down in light and you know, block a thing, I mean, I'm you will never remember.silencesilenceCLICK Finally some of the remembers So that's a moment So that's a moment So that's a moment I'm going to add a little bit more of this, so I'm going to add a little bit more of this I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head. I'm going to put it on the edge of the head.MusicMusicMusic Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well I'm not familiar with the text, I'm not familiar with the text, I'm not familiar with It's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working, it's not working,silencesilence I don't want to do this again. I'm going to do this again. I'm going to do this again. I'm going to do this again. I'm going to do this again. I'm going to do this again. I'm going to do this again. I'm going to do this again. I'm going to do this again. I'm going to do this again. Okay, this is the end of a long recording with 3rd at the spoken text, sorry for too much that. But I'm going to stop this 5 hours and half and let me do its analysis, speech recognition.