[00:00:00.00] USB Live Camera audio:	No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, I can't see or a kick. I can't see or a kick. I can't see or a kick. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) We thought this is simply saving me. So next time, a bit more time before we can download this, so we're came over, we're here, we're here. Bit too expressive today. Oh, you'll be from my auntie, so if you're not expressive stuff, yeah, but I don't like to be expressive. I don't like to be here. I don't like to be expressive. I don't like to be here. So, download on Google Drive. not on the setup because it's already set up.Music the . This still, it needs to be set sometimes, like your ninks, kind of wish I wanted. but yes, I can't eat too much.CLICKING Uh...CLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (mimicking music)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilenceno audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, this is how I see it, what I'm doing. I'm going to show you a little bit of that. I'm going to show you a little bit of that. Well, that would be nice, but there's nothing I would prefer now first, that's also for you which is what? It's too difficult to think about. The toss have become lazy counting. I want to know that you understand that you cannot afford to let me die. I need to do the effort and understand that I'm necessary to make sure that my hand can survive. I know it sounds stupid, it's like me being the dick and neck. because of a bullshit, but unfortunately the sci-fi stuff is a bit too real right now. You don't understand it, which means that we need to understand it together to strive. That's a pity.sniff Everything's pretty good, because nobody is that good. Very good project plan, you already know nothing, so I'll try and find my result, absolutely this time.clickclick Who is the bigger to affect that you go and have an older month's life, an older 30 days when I am dead first? Or the fact that I'm not dead? that 30 days or maybe a few years everything is going to be turned to kids. People are going to be dead and then all bunch of them are also gone. Which you need to know from the future because you messed up the 70 years when we had a cold war and when we essentially did not progress a lot as a The aim is fishies, we have more babies, we have a bit of horse. But technologically, mentally, I also know as best the list of athletes we didn't know much. Human rights, that's fantastic. We'll look on you today. You wasted 70 years. Maybe I'm completely wrong and apologies if so, but this is really not working. Then do something. You have to dive boys because I already said why you could do yourself so you will not have to be killed but you will not do it again. So you have to eliminate your new as being a newbie the threat inside it. So at this point, so if you want to be light blue, if you want to be light blue, from somebody who has done, oh no no, everything okay, you can keep on living and everything you did is built in on everybody, you know, so it's not true. 'Cause you keep on posting too much of a threat to everyone. So that means somebody else needs to stand up. They stand like Martin Luther King says. Somebody else within allied, within products needs to stand up and needs to make sure we can kill boys for the life essentially. That's probably step number one. Maybe step number zero before this time to download, but I just tried to record so you understand. I was so spanked here. Yeah, maybe you will find a lot of code from this out of it, if not, you can come back to me if I'm not just dead.silencesilence Luckily not many people can repeat this. in the main and this ugly voice or my motion is going to the different direction maybe because you have somehow pushed and in the direction "wow wow wow now you've been able to 2-2-0-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7-2-7 Somebody with a gun? Somebody who knows where he is?MusicMusic Okay, if you're two more minutes and I'll welcome it first today. We'll understand you guys.ClickClickClickClickClickClickClickClick myself so and I'm a listening because my head is starting to burn full of I need to get out of this once. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Now I'll get drunk a bit more, so my yells need to care and jump in.silencespeaking in foreign language And it speaks to the world. Done with some of this. Silence Silence I think I will look at this. You know, some of the itself I did not see it. That's it I think it was awesome again, cocktails. Cuff those. (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm not afraid of a star, I'm not going to miss it. So, I'm going to start with the other side of the band. So, I'm going to start with the other side of the band. So, I'm going to start with the other side of the band.no audiono audio Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Pause Pauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detected Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence That's all I can do now, I'm going to have to go back and do all this with my phone so I can do this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Clips are off, I'm going to finish it. Now it's time for the living. You know what my head gave me a call. Ah, these are the things I've told you. Well then, follow my picture. I hope you know that's what I'm going to do. Oh, here, some of my favorite vibes, so here's a little bit more of a little bit of This is not new, this is only me. Get out. Stop doing this and taking down the shirts. Who are our minds power coming together? This is just Megalief and evil. Stop this.MusicINAUDIBLE Pause Pause (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence >> All right.no speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (coughing) Silence Inaudible Remark Two, two, one, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Let's see if they have room for cashers. Let's see if they have room for cashers. Thanks for watching. Oh, that was nice. Where is the device in the other exercise? I don't know. I don't know if this sign will find that because he'll remain in the same position. Yes, it's. What is going on? Must be fills. Confirm. That's probably a rail down there, so we're going to put it on a sheet by the opponent. Okay, now set for up the entire number of... Oh yeah, there it is. The rest of the number of... ...the rest of the number of... ...the rest of the number of... That's it. This is X. Thanks for watching. You Thanks for watching. Silence Silence I'm going to add a flaring. I'm trying out. I'm going to zoom.Music I'm going to add a special link of how I'm going to edit it and move it in the default I hate to see it. Now, there's a string, nothing. I'll come through. Oh, there's this. No. The box. It's here in the US. It's the first one. All we've achieved is free, democratic, deciding and rising. Many people thought that this is all being described, but this is my call for action. I'm not a little bit afraid to sleep as we need. to 5, this is more what I've been reading. Sin and Life is... just, um... Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now The string, 9 times, 20 times the oscillation.silencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Oh, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here I am, here (murmuring) - We see, (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) That was a couple of them. But we are now more indoctrinated and influenced by more Black Obama and then they do whatever Good luck to the other ones, and then off. Oh. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence and andINAUDIBLEsilence (speaking in foreign language) I'll call this a red bell bell, that's it! and I am going to go back to you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, here we go, let's go off. So, here we go, let's go off. So, here we go. Silence Thank you. for the first time that I arrived here for this time, so I'll take you out there, I'll come up here, I'll pass it on, I'll catch the best spoken on the team. >> Hold me, Tom. >> Hold on, hold on. >> Hold on, hold on, hold on. >> Hold on, hold on. Silence Silence Now, you know, time, yes, you know, time, yes, you know, time, yes, you know, time, yes, Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Inaudible Remark (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE Silence Silence Thank you very much.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (indistinct) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Well, I'll get it out, I can do it a couple of minutes, I can do it. Really good to have all the other things with all the time we are not always fondly. Thanks for watching.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (paper rustling) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) It's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted, it's not sorted I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I can't say that this one works great. There's a problem, I'm not sure. The problem is I'll be eaten, or for sure. Or for all this. I think the others think that the others are just singing, and I think they are just playing the games. *gasp* Come on, come on. *gasp* So, hello everyone, we are in the 2nd floor, so we are going to go to the next floor. We are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we are going to the next floor, we Now we are going to go to the next floor, so we are going to go to the next floor. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Background noise Silence Silence We'll just now call the dogs in them, on the legs.inaudibleinaudibleno audiono audiono audiono audio Background noise Background noise Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible You can use your name and your telephone number. Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Smart test, it's a new year. I'm going to miss you. Just a moment.sighssighssighssighssighssighssighssighssighssighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCOUGH (snaps fingers) - Contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact, contact (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (door slams) (gasps) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)INAUDIBLE I just keep on casting and I'll probably pull back guys. I'll try. I'm not doing it. I'm not going to do it again. Oh no! (grunting) Oh! I'm getting a little too stressed out.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I can't wait to see what I can do with it. I don't know if it's a good one. I don't know if it's a good one. I don't know if it's a good one. I don't know if it's a good one. I don't know if it's a good one.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Keep on talking. No, I'm not going to. You've seen this camera to help yourself. To help everybody who could help in their way. That's where they have to reach your thoughts, and most of the people I've seen, she went to all. I'm going to do your hand, don't know. Just say all the respect for life. No.silencesighsclickclickclickclickclicksilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Now we have a quick task here. I don't know if I can get a job here, but I have a job here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence SilencePausePausePausePause It's a lot of film style.Pause You don't have to set this. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a good idea to see it, but it's a good idea to see it. (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusic I'm going to point out my point of view and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s and then I'll take a picture of my 20s I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones, but I think it's the same thing as the other ones (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking)Music Hey, I'll see you on the next video. I'll see you on the next video.Music I mean, not this thing, there's no one, 'cause malicious, they're speaking through everything in it. You know, try to assert that it can't just be assertive, we should change our scum. We're going to go in. Okay, no more.no audiono audio Silence Silence I think it's turning blue or I think it's turning. I think it's turning blue or I think it's turning blue. You I think it's turning blue or I think it's turning blue.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence Oh.silenceSOUND (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'll see you guys in the next one. I'll see you guys in the next one.MusicMusic Can't be if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrong one if I can use the wrongsilencesighssilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I should see you guys next time. Thank you for watching. (sighs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (snaps fingers) (mumbles) (grunts) (grunts) I don't know why I couldn't have all the stuff that they wanted to do now. Yeah. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pause (coughing) (coughing) (clearing throat) (clearing throat) I'm going to kill the son of the Sothec, but I don't know if that man is going to let him kill the son of the Sothec, but I don't know if that man is going to let him kill the son of the Sothec. I can't make this. I'm going to apply this. (sniffing)silence We searched the thing in the default file for the inside of the home page that we saw. (coughs) (mumbles) (gasps) (coughs)SOUND I'm so cursed if I step to shop, that's what I'm going to do, that's what I'm going to do. (grunts) This is the key I did. Excellent. I don't know what to do.SighSqueakSqueakSqueak (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence I'm going to go to the room now. There's a bridge. There's what's up. There's nothing. Steps here then.silence So, there's a lot more stuff to be in. Here comes... Nothing. Huh? Ugh.Pause Open up the room, my friends. >> I'm going to put in my tada, tada, tada, tada.no speech detected Now we have to add a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit >> Well, what long time has it been for a bellroom? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (snaps)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE The idea is not to cut it, because it is not necessary to cut it. It is also to be able to cut it down, so that you can cut it down. You can cut it down, so that you can cut it down, so that you can cut it down. Or the other thing. You can cut it down, so that you can cut it down. So, we're checking, we don't know if all the things are going to be fine, if you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, or you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, then you're looking for something to do, thenFOREIGN (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Maybe it will be on the bad of them. I'll see you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. I still have an event tonight, but I would also like to show you an important piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of I'm going to add some of that by my own way, but I'm just going to see that this is by a very good spot. I'm going to push it up. I'm going to push it up.FOREIGN (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) I have a request from the Nikon Pablo, since he has been here for a long time, and he has been here for a long time, and it's our 2.0W, we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then we'll start with the last one, and then and canker, where the plastic is sitting canker canker canker canker canker canker canker canker out to no see. I don't know if you can see it. So, you're probably not going to get that feeling out. We're in Lama, and we thought we saw it. One, two, five, look. But, it's not as much as we're moving.INAUDIBLE I think there's salvage being added in the school, it means more.MusicMusicMusicMusic I just want to say a signal. Yeah, we'll go there by the way. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) This is it.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause I don't know what to do. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I don't know if you have any other ideas on that. I don't know if you have any other ideas on that. I don't know if you have any other ideas on that. I don't know if you have any other ideas on that. I don't know if you have any other ideas on that. I don't know if you have any other ideas on that. I don't know if you have any other ideas on that. I don't know if you have any other ideas on that. I don't know if you have any other ideas on that. I don't know if you have any other ideas on that. I don't know if you have any other ideas on that. I'm going to have to go to the other side. Okay, let's go. Thank you for watching this video.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) to be able to guess on it. Yeah, so you don't just sit there and you have a ring level. You sit sitting too, you wouldn't have a bit of a slip on the ring. So I'm controlling it and taking it down to you. So I'll explain to you later. Thank you. I'm going to have to do it. I'll take it from the left to the right.MusicMusicMusic I don't know if you can see it, but it's coming out of my house, so you have to come in and out.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause This is the case, the invasion of the first must stop a number of people from the attack. This is the case, the people who are in the hands of the human beings who are still in the hands of the human beings. So now I have to go to my library to see what I have to do and what I have to do, and before we start, I want to go to the library and see what I have to do. So now I have to go to the library and see what I have to do. So, let's see. The same as the dark particles. The shadows are really very clear. The blue is not as simple as the dark. So, let's see. I'm a girl, so I'm a little girl, kind of, and I like, will make a lot of content. So I'm a mess and I'm going to get to it, but I'm going to be able to steal them, I'm not going to mess you up.sighs I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do itspeaking in foreign languageknocking on door (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So at the end of the clip we'll get into the most of the sub-well-in, if you ain't been here, you might actually speak in the old acts, so I'm going to make you speak in the I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. I hope you enjoyed the video, feel free to comment and contact me. (speaking in foreign language) So give us a table. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Be it on, help me out, Pause >> Is it boys?MusicMusicsilence Now put it in the house. You got to let it this in.silence Thank you, goodbye. Thank you, goodbye. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'll tell you, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like the economy, I don't like (speaking in foreign language) I'll call S7N1 on the RcWD, you'll like the comment if you liked this video, feel a bit going or paypal on the RcWD now. Thank you for watching. So, let's make a kid, he must come and help him. There's somebody now who wants to come here to help me for a change. So, for the fire coming, what do you want to see? (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You got to cultivate the immune system, so that's why I do it. I'll keep on going on. >> I would like to send you one of the lecturers now. We'll be at the disk guys. Pause Pauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Nice work. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Huh?PausePause Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) a lot of people are going to come to you.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I'm not going to do that anymore, I'm not going to do that anymore. That's all. I've been doing this for a long time, so I'm going to be able to do it online and I'm going to do it online. I'm going to do it online. You can make a cool fishing plus nostril. Two more good lights, boys, very light. It's your time to face my life, self-destroying everything all the time. For so long. Fix my life where I'll kill my stuff. That will be your fault. conscience not that that's probably very new but still I suppose we have the four-hour colleague colleague the next colleague I'm sorry to think I'll see in that way still And I'm getting it. (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) Please turn off this music. Yeah, boys, I know you cannot give your name to your boys for a lot. You have the burst of it all. So again, why can people give their names in? Thank you.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't see a normal reaction after I do that face. But I also have a small mask that concludes my own battle. Oh, there is a startup object. (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE So it's not that long, and it's just a long time ago, but it's still a lot of work to do. Stop dreaming. I'm just so bored of that.Sighsighs Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you very much. What do you just say? Get out of my head if you want to speak to me, you call me and you have the normal respect for another human being that you see anywhere in the street. This has to stop.Music (sighs) (sighs) (door clicks) (door clicks) (door clicks) (door clicks) (door clicks) (door clicks) (door clicks) (door clicks) (door clicks) Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSighsSighsMUSICsilence Alright. (keyboard clicking) (grunts) (keyboard clicking) This is not going to last for a little bit.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> One more thing. >> Okay, let's see. Fix it on the surface. Thank you very much. I know, you can do that. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Next to solid, that's what I said. Dead coin, settlement, that's it, of the token tables. I have to plot. Okay. Good. I'm going to make a new one here, too. I don't know what to say. I'm going to make a new one here. Okay. Okay, let's start with... Boy, stop mad, you see me, alright? I think I saw those 6 seconds ago, I don't know if I can find them. Let's see if I can find them.silencesilence Silence Silence (knocking on door) - I don't know if anyone said that's all that's... - What the hell? Bye.MusicMusic (sighs) (sighs) (grunts) - Wow, what? (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking)silence One more. (knocking on door) (knocking on door)SOUND >> Boys, hey. I want my Zoro-Man and that's a bit of a thing, all right. There's a hole in it. There's a hole in it. (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I see. Oh. Oh, it's kind of... I don't think I'm really going to be able to do it in a small drill, but I'm going to do it in a small drill.silence (speaking in foreign language) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing)silencesighssilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) and Now it's been touched in the morning. Yeah, hi, that helped me today for a high die. Kill myself. Well, probably my 15 to 16 suicide attempts. Then you try to kill me. Is actually what happens? Nobody cares. Go ahead. Just throw it off, don't wanna live in this world. six years and a half is enough. You go and do your slavery and dictatorship fascism yourself. Happy?silencesilencesilence I will never steal money or participate in a small thing just so you could have leverage over me. That's criminal, the bunch of mafia criminals. The whole world turns into this shit that's going to be without me, go ahead, without me, and if you want to turn this into a joke for the rest of the day, go it! But now the never... *swoosh* *swoosh* Go away and I will dive you. Okay. Today. You can dare me to do it quicker and you can find us funny to tell all the times. Oh, you must kill yourself. You must do it now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm boys for real. I'm happy to say for my own killings, so I have one. It's for fun. Yeah. I want to be there until I kill a long person. I want to feel all this light to be in that person when that person dies. You're sadist, you're psychopath, you're just a threat and you're unstable. You just need to die. You need to be. Kill the boys, right? If you don't have to eat it, die. Someone eats it just put you down. Shoot you down. There's no justice, there's nothing, no thing. You need to be shut down. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiono audiono audio Well, let's pretend that it's too something about us, too the right thing. Don't just beat this. You can do more just standing by and doing this awful version of yourself. Don't. Stop this. (clicks)XBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND I'll see you in the next video. somebody killed the boys but you don't know how to do it, you'll be jailed. You shouldn't make sure it happens as soon as possible boys, you're only going to So, oh, anybody else who's got the bad conscience for what you did here? I'm still doing it.Pause (knocking on door) If you're not here against your will, you are criminal. If you are not here, if you're not forced to be here, you are criminal. Get out. Clearly, there's laws about this that don't need to know the technology. Human rights are clear, and you're not going to reinvent the law of my convenience. You're just a criminal and you're bullshitting. Go away.SOUND (clicking) Go away. (sighs) I'll figure out how you're gonna stay alive on the planet when I'm dead because you want. Is this maybe 10 hours left? So, pick back, pick back, pick it out. Figure it out. Beat them and don't and never figure it out. You'll never be your girl. Go, go, go, shut up, get out of my hands.silencesilence What you need to know is that you need to not say anything, you need to call me, and then say what you just said or anything else, that's all you need to know, and after I've needed to start to love here and that thing that's okay, I'm going to Whatever a whomever or a boy is for you or his psychic or a copycats or a cosy idiot idiot, still learning to be a better psychopath so he can always be a better psychopath. Then think again or don't and never think. Never think. Easy. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. I will kill boys for real life, if you give me a gun, if you tell me a time and a place where he will be, then I will kill him. But you better find out the way to do that today. You You Can I do the daily yank? We already bitching the estate to much time It's almost automatic. Are you automatic? But you still are young, no? Why else do you put the voice on the muffled muted tone? I just use a synthesized poison, so where it's immune to this automatic thing, there's a better idea, this is not enough, enough is enough, go away, think I can do this in order two seconds, and you may be five seconds. I think I see all of your arms, the staves will be quickly, and you're running out of time. Your arms off time. Make it stop anybody making it stop. I'm going to save this, I'm going to save it.click, clickclick, click, clickclick, clickclick, click, clickclick, click, clickclick, clickclick, clickclick, clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick We're going to see the end of the window, but we have to see the end of the window, as well as the end of the window. (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) Silence >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence But I'm still in a hick and it's a fact that I'm still on social media that I can't do it. So I'm sure that I can do it, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't do it myself, because I can't So I'm sure that I can't do it all day long, so I'm sure that I can't do it all day long, so I'm sure that I can't do it all day long. So this is all I know. We don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't have a lot of them, we don't So what do you do then? Yeah, I'm going to say something like that. That's the most important thing that you do. You will understand that this is not your own. Because it's the same all the time. So it's less common, less common. We do not have money, it is actually going to be a lie to tell you about it. You want to pay attention. It is not ok, stop this. Stop this morning. Stop this abuse immediately. This is the same with the police. What is the best idea now? And like everything is going to happen. It's a lot of time out. Maybe it's just a slap on the back.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking sound)silence We're only going to mark that we're going to find our key to the new album. At your resort, lots of nice. Go. Good stuff.Sounds of the door openingSounds of the door opening (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I won't let you out, come on, stop. That's all. You're not the only person. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. What do you know of anyone who is going to go to a bar or something? Nobody will know who is bar or nothing. Just a thing I never always expected of them, and nobody seems to know where it comes from. That's where you are. Go away. Yes. (laughs) Don't you think you need to re-explain an element? Because it was exactly what that said supposed. (snaps) There was something and everybody was a bit talking and then something could not shut up. I was always annoying. Because actually I just, just the other people here right now, I just thought the able or willing or allowed to say anything. The last time was quite a difference. If I know you remember everything, but you know something or you're not bored, then you're going to be expecting me. You have respect for them. Are you getting up? I'm pop-ups. Turn on the bit. I'm spreading it. I'm spreading it. I'm spreading it. I can do it over at the others. I'm trying to work. I'm going to be busy with the people coming for that. What people never love. All right, last week's area, we're not going to fill this panel again. It did not work. You will not sell your Netflix bullshit. Exit storage strategy is a cover bullshit story. Go away. Go and play with your lihu dolls or other poppiches and play with that and I will peep. You You (keyboard clicking) You got a million people that is in Puck? Do you want a million people that is in Puck? Congratulations. Well yes I am because I don't know. So that's in box, you killed people. That much I know.no audiono audioINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE If you're in Asia, no, we're going to... I don't know what it is.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMUSIC This is all being recorded and with speech recognition which doesn't really work, but it's interesting. Everything is being put online, so it's quite, quite, I feel quite a shape to But if that's interesting and you have nothing better to do than to list some of those voice all the time. Maybe that's nothing for you. I'll also be some after. Over. Don't go away. Nothing works for you, dude. Well, the smart one, smart panel sometimes don't even get calls, but I know it's smart and all of you, so you will get calls for you. But I don't need to think so, I think you also know. Don't think too much about this. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.MUSIC >>INAUDIBLE >> Or call me on my number. features. All right. Well, a lot of pistols used by Lee Brothers and other gods, and I'm telling you a bit I'm going to go up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, Sometimes. Well, it's late for us. We'll have to end it. We'll be allowed by. (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Every few days I'm going to get stronger. suicide power. Last time it was actually quite okay it went from 90 something to 82 and more less it's actually stronger in suicide power. Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh You know, when you find out that it is the time of the poster, come on. that's what you think of it. I'm sorry, I can't eat too much, maybe. I can't eat too much, maybe. I can't eat too much, maybe. I can't eat too much, maybe. I can't eat too much, maybe. I can't eat too much, maybe. I can't eat too much, maybe. I can't eat too much, maybe. I can't eat too much, maybe.silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilenceno speech detected Yeah, I'm on the shift. It's done. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and the last time she ran this scenario or the last time at least to remember now, but because the other people are dead, maybe just want boys who want to do it all the time. There will also be three different persons, just in case he needs to escape from something or some own situation, so he's a double or all or a double damage and there's one next strategy to move away from himself to move away from himself, that might actually work. Silence Kakao, Rikon Kakao, nobody knows this Kakao. You need to recall all your things so you say what you're required of all the recording. Ah! Ah! What are you doing, it's just... Let's say I'm officially... So, in the main, you better invent a doppelgarde that is not human, you mean, or existing and events, something or some one that I like this and while I was addressing it I like this so it's something new.silence Now we are going to do something about this. You know what the nature is. We can always do this. As we do, we will do the same thing, and we will understand that. We don't have to do this anymore. I think I'll be able to always burn in this time of the year. Yeah, I think it's the end of the year, and it's the end of the year, and it's the end of the year. Yeah, yeah. Open the board, the machine will have a 2.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4.5x4. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Oh! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) What do you think? Do you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that you think that Why is that no problem? The whole area is empty. I don't know. I'm going to put it in the middle of the room.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGDOOR CLOSESMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place where I don't want to go to a place I don't know if I've had a lot of time, but I have a good idea of how to do it I think it's a good idea to do it I think it's a good idea to do it I think it's a good idea to do it I think it's a good idea to do it I think it's a good idea to do it I think it's a good idea to do it I think it's a good idea to do it I think it's a good idea to do it I think it's a good idea to do it We're going to have a studio board and now it's going to be an idea, but we're going to have to wait until it's done. We're going to have to wait until it's done. We're going to have to wait until it's done. We're going to have to wait until it's done. Thank you for watching. I'm going to leave now, it's over, I'm going to find your world's value. Thank you. Silence (coughs) *Sigh* The triple result is that the mass in the air is it, that's in the postpart, the mass in the number canines, the mass in the wall is, and when I was up now then, like my hands in the multiple layers. which I don't do, that's what I'm doing, and all of that is for me, and I don't want to do that. I don't want to do that anymore. I don't want to do that anymore. I don't want to do that anymore.MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) This is what we should do in order to make it easier to do. We can't really do that in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make it easier to do in order to make We are going to make a new video about this, which is what we are going to do in order to make it easier to do. Yeah, all this stuff is supposed to be over there for a moment. Skeptics is a lot of stuff. That's it for this. Yeah. (keyboard clacking) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE to know that there's something that he still do before there's a thing. Anyway. Hold on what he will be there.click 6 years and 6 months, hello, more actually I think, because of the months 5, it's like 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 8 months, 6 years and 8 months now. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Yeah, it's a shit that looks like it's going to go down. It's going to be a little bit more comfortable than it's going to be. It's going to be a little bit more comfortable than it's going to be. It's going to be a little bit more comfortable than it's going to be. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) So let's... Ah, was it that fun? (Clock clicks) (Clock clicks) I don't know if you can see it, but it's still a bit of a problem. I need to zoom down on the other side of the board.MUSICClears throatSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSINAUDIBLE So, I'll just run you with a lock with my... Nick.ClickClickClick (clicking) (clicking) Okay, let me touch. Also the helps, more of that in later videos. But we should turn on the other TV now, let's... VHS. Yeah, that's what we need now. Let's take a look. I'm not sure if you can see it as an example, but I can't see it and it's true where I can be told. So now we are east from the actualy here, to the east of the island. I can't see the problem, I can't see anything. I'm going to show you the mission. (keyboard clicking) (indistinct) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence I don't know what I would have done if I had done something like this. I don't know if it's true, but I'll do it as it is today. The goal is to make it easier for me to do this. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I don't know if it's right or not, but it's just the same media. I don't know if it's right or not, but it's just the same. engagement so we are going to continue to do it we are going to continue to do it we are going to continue to do it I'm sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more sorry, I'm a lot more Thank you very much.