[00:05:49.02] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence you you you you you you you you you Silence Okay. for that instance. . . . Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MUSIC Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Pause Pause Silence Silence Thank you. Inaudible RemarkPauseMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Music MusicMusic Background Sounds Music Thank you very much.Musicinaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remarkinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC Music Inaudible Remark (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter)MUSIC Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Music Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Background Soundsinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music MusicMUSIC Music Music Music Music Background Sounds (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark - Be loud, hey, figure it out, I'm your dad. - Sorry, I wasn't seeing it. - The low weight, I was looking to show you. - Success, you were supposed to. - Keep working. - Dad, I'm sorry. - I'm sorry, dad, I'm sorry. - Stay inside. (upbeat music) Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds It doesn't know how to fix it. Not a lot of fucking things to see. Oh, it's a lot of stuff that I got. Thank you very much. Background noise Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Music >> Mom, stop, stop. It's a good thing. >> I'm sorry. >> I'm not going to be able to talk about it. >> Mom. Yes, yes, I have a back-up with Tommy. You'll be fine. I love you. Thank you. You're welcome. Hey, guys.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE You're welcome. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering)INAUDIBLEinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Music Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE MusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusicMusicinaudibleMUSICinaudibleMusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMUSIC I'm not sure it's going to be good, but I'll see you soon, peace and travel, shot, another month I've been in plenty of effort. You're not going to get a chance. You're not going to get a chance. I'm not going to be a chair. Or I'm not going to get anywhere in the night to eat. You're not going to eat enough. I'll see you soon. Bye, bye. You're not going to get a chance.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (laughs) Forget it. (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) - Why are you laughing? - Yeah. - It's not like that, it's not gonna be more perfect. You see, it's not like that. (mumbles) It's gonna be a lot of stuff. Why not feel it? Why not feel it? (mumbles) - I like this. 5, 4, 5, 5, 6, 7, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8 Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic MusicMUSIC Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I hope I'll experience it.silencedoor slamsdoor slamsMusicMusicMusicMusic Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello?no speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Pause Inaudible Remark Pause Thank you very much, and then something.MUSIC Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible It was moving into something, this is the initial. All of you need that. Thank you. You must find this easy.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So that's all for the movement case, and I'd like to say about the space in the shape between the last one. For the thinking of one, it doesn't have any power in it. We can make a little sound about it directly into the movement. It's going to work. It's going to work. It's going to work more hard. Let's see. InaudibleINAUDIBLE Yes, well, I won't show.INAUDIBLE Music That's something you'd learn how to offer and knowledge that is no master.MUSIC Well, this is just a slow video. See, we can do the grocery. You have no idea what it's going to say to you this year. Not people are going to pull on it. You're not feeling it. Not. Not. Not. I'm not supposed to be going on it. So what's going on? Give it to me. Yeah.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible Remark Background noise So I'm going to put a bunch of that out. Honestly, what if that was directly the output? It's a good example of about a cloud. Okay, for that. Yeah. So you can make sure I push it. But I just want to get, and if you think, if it's over and chunking it, you can hit you when it's in the field.inaudible Music Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE And they made a photo, sat in front of him and said, "Come on, let me see." Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So we're going to mask it. Inaudible Inaudible Remark (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (indistinct chatter) - What did you say? (indistinct chatter) - Ronald? - There were two great guys who were here. What's the problem? (laughing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We're in the same valve, we're both now sitting in the same valve. We're up to 100 degrees below the same valve. We're going to put the red to the same valve. Oh. We're going to put the red to the same valve.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (coughing) (coughing) Well, there is two or three of you, yeah, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's you, it's youMusic Out, faster, turn the bell down, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it, Inaudible And it's one of the things that you move more power to the old manual. Yeah.MUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE But I'll ask you a big question, what I do know is that the life of the universe will be known as the king of the bottom, the bottom of the supreme, the only thing you can do is to stop, but we will now withdraw from the bottom of the bottom. You can see it, it's a chest, it's a chest, it's a chest, it's a chest, it's a chest, I remember a good change in the middle and I am responsible for this death, yes, I think for a death. I said to me that I couldn't do that for the rest of the life. For a week, I was not really like saying what happened in the birth of a girl in the middle of the main. I just wanted to have a go back. Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Background SoundsMUSICinaudible Inaudible Remark that you're going to be, that you're going to be, you're going to be able to see what the time is, what the time is, what the time is. All of that is a point where you place the platforms, kind of off the roof. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Musicinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm back in the reddit to the temperate circuit side and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can go and see if we can This hold on just like that, it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it would go back to the short J, not the short J, but it wouldMUSICMusic MusicMUSICMUSICMUSICMusicMUSICINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) It's my chance to meet you. Not me, it's me. Thank you. (laughing) Inaudible Remark Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds (crow cawing) Music Silence Music Inaudible Remark Background noiseinaudible Music Music Music Silence Music Background noise Background noiseinaudible Background Sounds All right, girls. If we're here, again, say hello, come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in and come in We're going to go to the other side of the room. We're going to go to the other side of the room. We're going to go to the other side of the room.inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible We're going to thank you both for being here. Perhaps it is, okay? We didn't know. Obviously. Thank you for your time.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Music Inaudible Remark I want to mark the saw and take it off to the side. If we just search for the data, we can get it. We can find it on the set. Find it. We don't have to go to the set. It's 24 times a year, it's 24/3 of each time, it's 24/3 of each time, it's 24/3 of the time.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music Amen.MUSIC Music Thank you very much. I'm going to start with a little bit more. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark And John, she did say, "It's great for the motorbottom, she doesn't mean it." He never created it. But it's not possible. Please, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me." Don't think this is the start of the day. Inaudible Remark Inaudible I hope to meet you soon. Inaudible Remark She's not responsible for the bad things. We are the ones that have survived the breath. Right out in the middle of the street, make sure that she's not on the street. She's not capable of being on the street.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Remember, the needs you can drive, file in here, nice, good luck. Now, why is the relation and the relationship?inaudibleinaudible Silence And that's it. You're actually going to be staying on the same level of this. It's still a lot of work that I can do. Thank you. Thank you. Inaudible Remark Inaudible MusicPause Thank you very much. So sorry, I'm going to get a chance to do that at the moment. We'll see if we can get a third yon, sir. That thing is not going to get any longer. Yes. Nice. Nice. There you go. See? Well, we should have left the bottle open at the door. Zero. Make sure that we have that. We can turn on that. Well, on the green side, you're ready. How many minutes? Five. Five.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible RemarkPause Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Now the lines. I think this is a bit more serious, machine is added. It's done. It's a little bit of thread in the holes. You have to be in the past. You can go to the other side. I'll count to two. I don't know how long this is going to be so. I'm going to have to tie it up like this. I'm going to see the rest of us. Time for a better goal.inaudible So, we're going to see how it shows, I need to see if we can get in one way or two.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE You certainly don't pass. Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (upbeat music) (indistinct) (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Silence Thank you very much for your time.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Background SoundsinaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering)INAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background noise SilenceINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusic I'm going to stop the line before we end all. I saved a lot of the gap.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE MusicINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Yes, sir.MUSICMUSIC I would say it's all up. I would say it's all up. I would say it's all up. I would say it's all up. I would say it's all up. I would say it's all up. I would say it's all up. I would say it's all up. I would say it's all up. I would say it's all up. I would say it's all up. Inaudible Remark is to do that. I close your door. It is also strong enough to back it any bit. So, I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close my door. I close Music Music Inaudible Remark Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds I'm going to make you one of the top four levels. I'm not going to shoot.Music Music Inaudible Remark Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background SoundsMusic MusicMUSICMusic Music Silence (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Background SoundsMusicMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark (soft music) (soft music) (soft music)MUSIC Silence Silence (singing in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music SilencePause Wait. I'll just know that. Okay. Okay.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to have to go to the hospital and find out who I've been. I'm going to have to go to the hospital and find out who I've been. I want to show you how to do this.inaudible Yeah, you take the things out.MUSICINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Pause Pause We are impressed with the 15th hour.inaudible Inaudible Remark We had a really current ex-possibility there. I assume quite a few. We decided we had to sign a copy of my script, those are people in the script. This is a lot of issues. That's just about it. Music Background Soundsinaudible And on the front side, there you are, and I just want to tell you that each round, like I was going to do it in the evening, you want very strong energy on it, thousands of rays, and you want more, and lots of energy on it. Inaudible Remark Yes, well, let's change parts. Yes, well, let's change parts. Yes, well, let's change parts. Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible And the environment of my life, which is a pinching set, and since the time, and you know, it's a little bit more useful, so I decided to move it right. Yeah. I didn't have a talent in painting on the show. I'm thinking, "Self was my last, last year, three times." Inaudible Remark I would you want to see me? My father came to me to stress me that I was a Christian. He's gone for a fool. I'll see by him. He thought people were poor. I could see him now. I was at all there, and she might be alright. So I was brought, and I was seen by people.inaudibleinaudible I'll go by all the lines and then I'll let us go. We have a new star. We have a new star. We've told you some reasons why we need to build step model. All people, I'm sure. If you want me to do it, you are having it for my years. I'm sure you've started talking to me once. For me, you're the last one I've ever seen. I think it's very good stuff. Not good. see the only possible way to do it.INAUDIBLE Once? Yup. Just encourage me to either see the only possible way you can see it's from home.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'll turn it on. Inaudible Remark by the side. You know, the night you take the police car to somebody's notice, it's a car to be the role of the force. I don't know anything. Everybody's ever told me to do that. You think more than it. But whoever told it, I think they're going to shoot the force. But if they want me to be, I think they're going to shoot the force, and for the people I was seen, what about the people I was taught? The one I was taught. The people I was taught, the people I was taught, the people I was taught. So, for even though those people I was taught, what I actually did was, we see a way to recognize it as taught.MUSICMUSIC Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLE Background Sounds the other day, she told me that she's going to be gone. I told her that she's gone. I said, I did. Yeah, from GD last time, I was happy to see you, and I'm happy to see you. I was happy to come back and tell her that she's gone, and she said, well, now she's going to be gone. If I tell her, she won't change this yet, or anything like that. Inaudible RemarkMUSICinaudible Inaudible Remark And I'm going to say, what?MUSICMusic Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible so that you will be able to see what you are doing. Inaudible Remark We have a couple of things that I would like to do. A course for something that we have a little bit of in Europe. Yeah, we're almost back on the Shabby side of the road. It's a very good service and we shall have a great day. Thank you.MUSICinaudible I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteer, I want to say that I am a volunteerinaudible Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC Music Music Sound Effects Inaudible Remark MusicMusic Inaudible Remark (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)Music Inaudible Remark I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, I walk, Music Background Sounds Thank you all for having me. Thank you all for having me. Thank you all for having me. Silence >> Well, two seconds. Inaudible Remark Pause Pause Pause >> It's under the ground. Pauseinaudible Oh, I'm going to get a slide. Oh, this is one. Very nice. No. I didn't. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's good. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible If anything, I know both, no conscience. Let me show you my huge, blue tinted silver. Keep on being in the middle of the world. You are free. That's why it's blackening gold. You are being in the middle of the world. Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Well, that's just a small thing. Inaudible Remark Silence Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMUSIC Music Silence Music ♪ Oh, so I'm from another place ♪ (indistinct) (indistinct) (shutter clicks) (shutter clicks) (shutter clicks) (shutter clicks) (shutter clicks) (shutter clicks) (shutter clicks) Silence Silence Inaudible RemarkinaudiblePause So I was going back to my house with a cigarette, and I wasn't the next guy, but it's going to signal to the front of my name. I was panthering, and so I'm going to start working on a project like this. I came to the office with a bunch of guns, and I was getting a lot of things. I came to the gap, and I was like, "Maybe you want this, because you're thinking about it." Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Music Let me see. Silence Silence Silence So, we have to do that.inaudible InaudibleMusic Music Inaudible Remark Silence Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible That's why I think that's the reason I leave it for ourselves. You're leaving it for ourselves, you're a pro-roader. You do not want to be able to get into a different system. You're going to be happy here, you're going to be pretty sure you're going to spend some money. You're going to be happy for the inside. You're going to be happy for all of that. You're going to be happy for the inside. You're going to be happy for all of that. You're going to be happy for all of that. You're going to be happy for all of that. You're going to be happy for all of that. I have felt that the focus of the test is that we do not have time for our Christmas games to be back to the past months. So she is a good gentleman. We need to grow and get to get to the point of getting to the point of getting to the point. Okay, that's it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Music >>Inaudible >> Take care. >> Well. Music Silence What? Maybe. One, two, three, four, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six,inaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music So we'll be going for a moment.INAUDIBLE We will begin with this. What are you doing? Shooting, shooting, shooting, shooting. It's fine.inaudibleINAUDIBLE Basically, you're asking if you're going to work into your office. Again, you should prepare it. We're going to work. We're going to work. Listen.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible You will be in stupid changes, you will be in trouble. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE OK?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Are we going to sit down? So I don't want to play this, but it's only the only thing we can do to the person. Or we want to hear it. Oh, sure. I don't even get more stuff to do with this, but we're just talking. I have this. I'm going to be having a lot of time. I'm going to have a lot of time. I'm going to be having a lot of time. I'm going to be having a lot of time. I'm going to be having a lot of time. I'm going to be having a lot of time. I'm going to be having a lot of time. I'm going to be having a lot of time. I'm going to be having a lot of time. I'm going to be having a lot of time. I'm going to be having a lot of time. Thank you so much. Thank you.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (upbeat music)MUSICinaudibleinaudible Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Pause Background Sounds >> It's my pleasure to ask you a significant question. What are your thoughts? John? John? John? (inaudible) I see my back, miss. (inaudible) (inaudible) You're not making such a noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you're not making such noise, you Music (laughing)inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible MusicinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Please, this is not what made me do this. Thank you for watching. Background Sounds I really just want to say that it's a really strange thing to see. So what then? Originally, I was having a conversation with you. Was that me? It's your father who started a conversation with us. So that's what I was going to be doing with you. I'm going to have a conversation with him.MUSIC All of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us, all of us Inaudible Remark Music >> That's really just being being in fact, the image of the case that I've had made this much. >> It's like, it's like one of the most beautiful things meant to be for better or worse. >> And? >> What do you think I'm thinking? >> Those are really good ones. >> So really, what's it going to tell us? or a serial, this is the law that is being determined on how you can choose your personal personal. How about, what is the central law that you can choose for us? To be a real real easy case. The easy should run into a broad, for example, as far as the law is concerned, you don't have to target what I've done. There's only one of those things that will be that crystal. Inaudible Yes, the government wants to ask you to know how many votes you need to make by the way of the government. Thank you very much, thank you very much.MusicMusic (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark This is the club's relationship now, what is it between all of you in this club?INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Background SoundsMUSIC Music Music Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remarkinaudible to that side. We're getting rid of this kind of thing there, so let's put it on the gun. So this is going to be probably going to be a fashion movie. So I'm going to tap on it down to the bottom. (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) MusicMUSIC Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleMUSICMUSIC Music Music MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE My sports, the day is up. So you're going to see them.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Silence Background noise Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise Background noise Background noise Inaudible Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (audience laughs) Inaudible Remark Remember, this sequence is going to be back to the bottom of the membrane, so you want to sniff the link and see what you can possibly do. I'll be in the video of that. So I'm going to come to the bottom of the screen and show you the picture. Thanks for coming. Peace out. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Inaudible Remark I'm going to start with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a little That's it. I'm going to do the problem by two, I don't know if you can do it. Two, okay. Half of the trees stays on. Two, half of the trees. Two, okay. Two, okay. Half of the trees stays on. Two, okay. Let's see. Okay. Okay. It's a birdful, and it doesn't always change.silence You can see the placement. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. Inaudible Remark Thank you, guys. What is it that you need to have a partner in the course? Thanks. If you want to sign up for the course, you can go on with the rain to see that, but that will only be better. You know what I mean? I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. The only thing that's going to happen is loss, but yet there's a way to do it. So you can see the way you're doing it. So you can see the way you're doing it. So you can see the way you're doing it. So you can see the way you're doing it. So you can see the way you're doing it. So you can see the way you're doing it. So you can see the way you're doing it. So you can see the way you're doing it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thanks. Thanks. Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) All right, sexy, that's your very first thing that you're going to do. You're going to have to go back to your little sketch and explore earlier. Below and now I'm planning on going back to the sheriff, and then you'll start to see what it's all about. You'll be reading a little time to get to the high point later. You'll find the sheriff's sketch. Hope they have a piece of it. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background noise Background noise Music >> This is something that is going to stop me, sir, you can go. Music >> So this is what has happened is you heard. >> You know, you hear things. >> I see you looking back.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Well, the vault, you're on the stairs. The kitchen is full of lights in. You're on the stairs? Yeah. Think about it.MUSIC I think so, but I think so. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Music (indistinct)inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark I'm not going to ask you to go ahead and open a closed separate bar, I'm not going to go to the other side of the bar, I'm not going to ask you to go ahead and open a closed separate bar. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds But to be sure that through this, I think that's a good one. We can also be very careful about the word, by the way. But we also have to show that the balance is sufficient. We should make it from the differences that we have in our community. We have to make it more accessible to ourselves, and you don't have to think that you're going to be able to reach a point where you're going to have a show to the front. You have to go to the middle right of this, just have to try and make sure you're safe and slow. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark This is good song. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.MUSIC Background noiseINAUDIBLE Fire is in this area.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds Music >> Inaudible Remark >> Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Music Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible That's all I have to say.inaudible Yes, it should work if it will work. We'll be going now. Background Sounds Thank you. I will go with my good thoughts. I will do anything for you. I will show you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Music Music Music (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background noise Background noise (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) This is a crappy setting. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible We then had to often do it in the first performance and back up with the soccer plus and the outs and anything we sell. The real thing is a lot of work, but in success. We've been doing a lot of these new, period of recovery and a lot of things that we've been doing with the soccer, but we've been doing a lot of work for the beginning of the year. We've been doing a lot of work for the beginning of the year and we've been doing a lot of (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark And I think that this needs to be around. We still think, you know, in fact, that it is a very different way to let it go. But that can be vastly different. It's still perfect. All that is to say that, yeah, I have a simple question. I'm thinking about that this is a boat of the other boat. Yeah, I'm used to it, I love it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used to it, I'm used (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I think we're going to go south, but I found it, and I'm sorry. I think we're going to go to the people who know the south, the north, the north, the north, the north, the north, the south, the north, the north, the south, the north, the north, the south, the north, the south, the north, the south, the north, the south, the north, the south, the north, the south, the north, the south, the south, the north, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, the south, I'm sorry. and the instrument will be on the list, probably going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be and the instrument will be on the list, Inaudible Remark that we share a few moments. Oh, we've got some thoughts. This is the last one that's from the girl, she's in the box, out in the garden. She got in the box, her back, and that's what was hilarious for us here. The fact that we did find that was our daughter, and she got in the chair, and now the next thing that she's been in the box, after she got in the chair. She opened the door and got a bottle of water, and she's seen the bottle all the time, her own. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible and the bridge of the British Empire. In India, it's a very, very nice offer for the end of the year, but it's very powerful in a simple way that we share it. It's a very nice offer that we've built. It's a very, very nice offer that we've built. It's a very, very nice offer that we've built. It's a very, very nice offer that we've built. Inaudible Remark There's a store. For the other class, there's a store for the other class, and there's a lot of this. Okay. Same thing. The day of our life is still in my mouth, and if you did, you did. So, for the sponsor, she ain't out here. She's the class. If you have the documents, you can then open your bank. I'll leave that to you, then. But before I go to the cabinet, I'll talk to her.Music Inaudible RemarkMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you, thank you, thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) is not so much the same thing, but we're going to the next set of parts.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark You've seen the side of your faith in the people. The people that follow the God for the guests that don't know how they're brought so out of the holy faith. So if they don't know how this is even in the people, they don't know how they're afraid of the sight. So that all that is all that we need to have for shopping in our songs. They don't know how we need to make it. They don't know how to make it. in this as a law involved, on autism and autism, and I'm easy to remember that this has been about, you know, a benefit to have a lot of faith in me. The reason is that all insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based insulin-based Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE and please do not ignore the content we have seen, and the heat of the sun may be as high as the whole, but the immense sea of peace, and the powerful transgressions, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, and the Earth's movement, You will be able to use something else. There are a bit of a problem with the language here. There are a bit of a problem with the language. There are a bit of a problem with the language. What's visible about this is that there is nothing that we can do. It's our own fault. All of our people have a blame on us. We have a problem with the language. We have a problem with the language. We have a problem with the language. Inaudible Remark The flag is in closer, 19% all are in hot seat. The loaded tank is in the floor tank. It's in close to all the green things that you see as part of the building, and I'm almost sorry that we should not do so. I'm almost sorry, but I can't see your face on the green message. I'm just sorry, but I'm missing this. Till later, I'm almost sorry. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll see you all soon, and I'll talk to you in the next video. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) very well, to go ahead and see the enemy, very well, to the enemy, so very close. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEno speech detected Background noise Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Silence Inaudible Remark Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMusicinaudible (indistinct chatter)inaudibleMusicinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) So, we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about. Say the number of the number of cities on this scale, or the number of cities on this scale, or the number of cities on this scale. We can have a little bit more time. We can do it with a certain group of people, and can we be silent as so. (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible The other thing that I'm telling you, I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response, I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response, I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response, I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response, I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response, I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response, I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response, I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response, I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response, I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response, I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response, I'm not going to I'm not going to be able to keep up with the self-response I'm going to do a little bit of the first one, but I'm going to do a little bit of the first one. I'm going to do a little bit of the first one, but I'm going to do a little bit of the first one. I'm going to do a little bit of the first one, but I'm going to do a little bit of the first one. I'm going to do a little bit of the first one, but I'm going to do a little bit of the first one, but I'm going to do a little bit of the first one.inaudible Inaudible Remark and we will be able to walk the most abominable seven and as you might have all the need to be able to have all and we will be able to walk the most abominable seven and as you might have all the need to be able to have all and we will be able to walk the most abominable seven and as you might have all the need to be able to have all and we will be able to walk the most abominable seven and as you might have all the need to be able to walk the most abominable seven and as you might have all the need to be able to walk the most abominable seven and as you might have all the need to be able to walk the most abominable seven and as you might have all the need to be able to walk the most abominable seven and as you might have all the need to be able to walk the most abominable seven and as you might have all the need to be able to walk the most abominable seven and as you might have all the need to be able (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And back to the night when we were two, so we thought we were going to be friends. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) But so that's the reason why I hope to support the real government, not so sorry. I'm not going to stop it. It's just a bad start. There are three more of us. So now all the buildings here in the streets are going to be so dark. So that we can be able to see the glass in the sun. So it's fine on the light. It's just fine on the light.inaudible Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm gonna listen to Sal, Sal. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Silence Background SoundsBEEPING Music Silence Let's get a little out of the group. Let's get a little out of the group. As you push the dead. I thought of the tent as I'm about to walk out in a round of shit.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark I'll miss a song with you all the time. I'll leave a smiling tints in the center. We love you. We love you. I walk. I'm afraid it's wrong.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic I'm going to throw this one in the sword. I think it will stay straight in the middle. I'm going to throw this one in the beginning. I'm going to throw this one in the beginning. I'm going to throw this one in the beginning. I'm going to throw this one in the beginning. I'm going to throw this one in the beginning. I'm going to throw this one in the beginning. I'm going to throw this one in the beginning. I'm going to throw this one in the beginning. I'm going to throw this one in the beginning. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic It's low, in fact, look at the foot, follow the foot, follow the foot, and see what it looks like. I don't know. Oh, look. You'll just try to do it right again. You're going about this whole walk. This walk that I'm going to begin. That's the best proof of it. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I think this is what the city is going to be, it's going to be a silly way to do it, sometimes so we're going to be having sat next to it. Only law, wow, so law, it's going to be a silly way to do it. It's very bad for us for that. We're only allowed to follow what we want to do. It's pretty good. Yes, in fact, I don't think it's a fact for me to do it. Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Hi, oh, young and 10 begins. Let's talk about it. Oh, no, the version. They sing a lot. Very, very, very good. InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE We're just going to start getting there, they're not here. We're going to start at 5. It's awesome. But that is going to be a secret. That's a secret. You know you're going to be sitting on the floor with the insolent. Yeah. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm not going to let you secure the zero watch. Let's see what we have to do. Let's see what we have to do. Let's see what we have to do. Let's see what we have to do. Let's see what we have to do. That's the thing, you're going to have to blast your feet, it's working. You're going to have to blast your feet, it's working. You're going to have to blast your feet, it's working. You're going to have to blast your feet, it's working. You're going to have to blast your feet, it's working. But it's best to leave them home and have a good one. Yeah, sorry. If they didn't have any, the next several days of course they would have had a trip off very near the end of the trip. They would have had a trip off very near the end of the trip. They would have had a trip off very near the end of the trip. They would have had a trip off very near the end of the trip. They would have had a trip off very near the end of the trip. They would have had a trip off very near the end of the trip. They would have had a trip off very near the end of the trip. Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible I don't know if it works. It's not a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing.Music I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So we need to do a little bit more back, three, three, let's do it. So we're going to do a little bit more back. So we're going to do a little bit more back. Music Music Silence Music Inaudible Remark Background noise Background Sounds Music Background noise Background noise Background noise So we're not going to do this. How far? We're going to do this. Two or three, we're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. We're going to pick it up. Inaudible RemarkMusic and we fight for the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good and the good Background Sounds Background Sounds Yeah. Oh, listen. Come on, listen. Come on, listen. Why is it doing? I'll take you to the city. Yeah. Come on. Where is the photo? Fine. I'll take you to the city. Yeah. Come on. Where is the photo? Fine. Where is the photo? Fine. Where is the photo? Fine. Where is the photo? Fine. Where is the photo?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Okay, boss, you're out of your mind. I need you to turn that half of the camera off. Music Music Sound Effects Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music What is it? Check it out. Check it out. Check it out. Check it out. Check it out.MusicMusicMusic I know, and I'll have to fly there for a while. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. Background Sounds Silence Silence Background Sounds Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Oh, look at that. Look at that, see, right behind us is the proof you are. Yeah.MUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Music Music Silence Music Music I'm starting with a little bit of this. That's a little bit of this, congratulations. You I'm going to start with a little bit of this. Music Music Music Inaudible Remark I will be presenting on the electromagnetic function of the general general and in view of the worst position of one, very much a very important part, but immediately both the stability of the energy and any other action that is not available is training for the training of the single-digata for the mission of the general general. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and now we are using our projectors to do some new things. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible But it is a help with music, it's a lot of access to songs. There is a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot of music, it's a lot It's a help with music, it's a lot of access to songs. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And then you know, meet the driver at this little side of the car. on the hill, but we're so sure that we're going to release our hands on the ball. We're going to do some anti-plomber bands, part of the mat, and into the shape of that, and we'll try to hide the ice box first. We're going to show you what we're going to do in this part of that. We're going to instrumentate it in the middle of the mat. the last stop in the small city. There are some of the adults, not some of you there. They met a lot of people. They didn't even start out as some people. So they didn't even start out. They didn't even start out. They didn't even start out. They didn't even start out. They didn't even start out. They didn't even start out. They didn't even start out. They didn't even start out. They didn't even start out. They didn't even start out. They didn't even start out. They didn't even start out.inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no speech detected Silence Thank you very much for your time. Pause Pause Music Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I thought she was part of it. I'm sure we've made a case. So, in a way, I'm just going to be doing this for a moment. So, please, I'll get out of the vlog. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you very much. Background Sounds Music Background SoundsMusic MusicMUSICMusic MusicMUSIC Silence Silence Silence It's your children.Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Let's create music, it's a show. Let's create music, it's a show. Let's create music, it's a show.Pause MusicMusicMusicMUSIC (indistinct chatter)Music Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Music Thank you very much for your time. (inaudible)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds MusicMusic (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter)Music Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you. Music Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll see you in the next video.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Background noise Background Soundsinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and the practice always be feeling more than just this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Background Sounds Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds (indistinct) This is the first section you want to make. How else can we do? We want to define this assertion to the United Nations. We're very good by the issue of the United Nations. We need to see what we're going to do. Thank you. Thank you. Inaudible Remark (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Background SoundsMusic Music Background Sounds Background Sounds (inaudible) Background Sounds Background Sounds Shit, I can't see. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Music >> Yeah, but she also -- she wouldn't be able to make it. >> Yeah, but what about the key to the first thing that's provided? Inaudible Shading us again. Hold it up. Hold it up. Hold it up. Hold it up. Hold it up. Hold it up. Hold it up. Hold it up. Hold it up. Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background noise Background noise Background noise Background noise Music Inaudible Remark Music Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Remark Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark MusicMusic Background Sounds Inaudible more than that. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Listen. What are you trying to do? What's going on? It's like... You're not going to hold it. You're going to hit it. What's wrong? Music Inaudible Inaudible (indistinct chatter) (coughing) - We're here. (indistinct chatter) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Music MusicMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark Music MusicMusic Inaudible Music Inaudible Because I've been trying to see what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see, what I've been trying to see,Music MusicMusic Silence SilenceBellBellBellMUSIC Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilence Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Music Silenceinaudible Music Music Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Soundssilencesilencesilence (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling)inaudible Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you very much for your time. So, if you have any questions, please let me know. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music Background SoundsMusic Inaudible RemarkMUSIC (speaking in foreign language)MusicinaudibleMusicinaudible Inaudiblesilence Background Sounds Music SilenceMUSIC Silence Silence Luxembourg, Luxembourg.MUSIC Music Inaudible RemarkMUSIC I'll see you in the next video, bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye.MUSIC Music Music SilenceMusic Inaudible Remark Well, it's not work. See, you're on the control room. Oh, you're still here? We're just eating. Well, uh, you see, I'm in phone. Well, I'm sitting in the PC, and I think I'm eating. Two regular food jerks. Finally, the day we can get a half. So I'm kind of beginning to look at this as to the name of them, but you should sort of figure out the period. Sort of the best energy birth pattern for me. Or to be my expert in that period. So the name of the day can be close at all. I just got a short call on the security of the state, the local sport, the smart service situation in developing it, we need to be made aware of it, whether it be aware of it. We've noticed the increase in child and emotional violence. We've moved and implemented the five signs of the smart service. We've discovered that the masks are beyond the agency.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music Music Music Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Sorry, but you're a place to live, you said to relay it back.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Okay, there are all the sign of the concept of the good, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad Thank you very much. I just want to see where the ship is now. What do you want? This is a stupid phase system. In this, there's gaps in the bathroom, and we can go on to the Earth. to vent. Since we've got biomephilic mites, they've no way been warning to them, and so the substance that occurs in the finish, related to markouts and substances, using the dentist, will be stopped to the dentist to complicate the problem. Let's go. Good luck. Music Inaudible Remark She's been in jail now, she's been in prison for 15 years. So we can only draw and one bar here, one bar here, but they send it in S and it can pass it on this side. Or the other bar. Or the other bar. You know when we let all the single pliers on a fountain pass, we saw the original bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey bogey Or the other bar. You're out.Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I am a level of the ability to spin for short periods, for that, or even going on to drive doing beauty songs, doing dance, and the love of the doctor. However, I do believe that real waste of all the waste you've made must to relax before that is done. I just need to be careful. Be sure of that, and I need to be more patient. Sure.VIDEO PLAYBACKVIDEO PLAYBACKMusic Since that, almost 50 years ago.MusicMusic Almost 20 years.MusicMUSIC Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark MusicMusic Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark What is happening on the southern region with T.P. Bill? Well, it's really a good idea to find a free bar. Oh, I do know how to pull it. No, I don't think so. Oh, that's hard to wait. It's an awesome thing to do again. Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Music I know 77 nurses need to come. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background noise So the seat has no seatguided seats far up in the back of my child. Being to it all from half-year to mid-night. One of the seats is now at the power plate and it's the next box. Each of them will be on the side of the floor. One of them will be on the way. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Music Music Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSICMUSIC Background noise Background noise Background noise Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yeah.silenceMUSIC Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noiseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Cross the line, cross the line, cross the line, cross the line, cross the line, cross cross the line, cross the line, cross the line, cross the line, cross the line, cross the line, cross Music Music Sound Effects Music Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Well, not recognize me in the top of his. Rich, don't learn. What? Don't learn.LAUGHTERMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusic (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (gentle music) (gentle music) (gentle music) (gentle music) (gentle music) (gentle music) (sniffing) Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence So, this is the first time I've ever seen a lot of people, I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot of people in the past, but I've never seen a lot Inaudible Inaudible I'm not sure if it's going to be too late or it's not going to be too late, I'm not sure if it's going to be too late or it's not going to be too late or it's not going to be too late. Inaudible Remark She's dead. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this, I'm not going to say anything about this (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background noise InaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yeah. Anyhow. InaudibleMusic Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible to seek a job. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Pause Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Watch out!Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark That you hold out there, you have to help the people out. You have to help the people out. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. You have to help the people out there. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So long as you're going to see it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.MUSIC I'm going to say this, it should have been part of the bomb that you have saved for that. Well, I feel good about something that you should run off of most times. I mean, it should have been actually right here in the city. It should have been a lot of things should have been. Heck! Inaudible Remark I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Music Music No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible And when we walk, we're going to walk this way, and we're going to walk this way, and we're going to walk this way, and it's going to be inside society, and we're still going to move forward. Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (dog panting) Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds I love you, and I love you.inaudibleMusic Music Background noiseMUSICMUSIC Music Music Sound Effects Silence Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark The final stage in the Galaxy One. It was such a bad old days.MUSICMUSIC Music SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Music Music Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark No, no, I'm not. I said, I said catch. You're scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I said catch. I said catch. I said catch. I said catch. I said catch. I said catch. I said catch. I said catch. I said catch. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark We all know that. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Background SoundsMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Music SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Silence Fire and peace, say something like fire and peace, say something like fire and peace,inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark happened to say about it, but this is one of the most beautiful things. I like what? This is it. I'll move it. This is it. This is it. You better start, I'll play it in a moment to move my own life on the field. One, two, three, four, six, three, four, seven, eight. We're not going to see it. We're going to let everyone watch it. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four, seven. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Silence Inaudible Remark Change that, you'll buy it. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. So I'm looking at a half to a world. I will give the chambers one more time, but I'm going to give it one more time. I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, but I'll give it one more time, I will give it one more time, but I will give it one more time.PausePause Thank you very much. I took no joke, my dog was super tech, so I was young, dark, sociable, and active, long years since. I don't even know you have actually. No, I think we have to. No, not only ever. We'll stay with you. Okay. Okay. Okay.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Background Sounds Music SilenceMusicinaudible InaudibleINAUDIBLE Inaudibleinaudibleinaudible So I'm going to continue to see if I'll just have 13 more slides to back to Philip. Okay, it's been a pleasure to start this evening. I'm going to do a couple of things in just a bit of the night. It's been a massage. I'm using the books of very dangerous and civilian women. There's new names. I'm going to do all sorts of things. One of them must come up from the books. I'm going to do a couple of things in the evening. So I'm going to do a couple of things in the evening. So I'm going to say the beginning of this evening. Okay.inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Silence Silence I'm not a fool to make him sound like he's a couple. He comes over. Yeah. We have him.Music Oh, why would you want me to hear it from you? I'm sorry to go in. I'm glad that you're a good girl. Inaudible Remark >>INAUDIBLEMusicMusic I don't want you to call me. Yeah, I have to show you something. There you go. That doesn't understand it, and I don't feel like I'm a tenant. Even though you've been arguing. Exactly what I'm talking about. Really? Because in town you mention a people like the only one, and the two of you. Exactly. Okay. Well, I'm here. I'm here. You can keep playing also my grandfathers. I am a sewer. Okay. I'm just having a lot of issues. I'm teaching you now. I'm working. I'm going to go out. Good job. Okay. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job.inaudible Music Background SoundsMusic >> I don't know if there's anything on the map. They could sit on it. Awesome.NOISE Pause Inaudible Remark PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music I'm going to be in a short, high-ranking, that's my husband's private son, and he's listening. So I can't go to the bathroom before, so what is that, and I'm just walking up to him. I have to go to my mom's door to his room. We'll be sure we'll see all of you in June. But I know what you're doing. It's a good thing. My mom told me that you were silent. Yes, and it was great not to be able to name your values. I had to do this, and what it was, and what it was.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm not going to take me in. I'm not going to do it, you're going to do it in the right place. Stop working. I don't know if you know. Or you. I'm not going to do it. You're going to do it in the right place. That is wrong. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) makes a video, if you're interested in the video, just leave a comment and see you again. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there, I'm going to put my gun in there >> You. >> It's going to be me. >> Always like that. >> Always. >> Even when you heard me,inaudible There you go.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause (indistinct chatter) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) Pause >> Here is a graph. This is the graph. You'll see. Inaudible Remark (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (gentle music) Where are you guys going? I don't know. You should be on the other side of the room. Cool. I don't know. It wouldn't be safe for everyone. Yes. Ah. You have to move. Ah. Music >> Now, I'm good. I think that's a good lesson, and now, we're going to respond. I'm going to go ahead. I'm going to go ahead. I'm going to go ahead. I'm going to go ahead. I'm going to go ahead. I'm going to go ahead. Music I'm asking for your help. One of your own stories. Your help. Come on. You want me to take you now and not see the truth? No. Go ahead. We got to go now. Silence Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to go on here. I don't know if it's going to I don't know if it's going to go on here. Inaudible Remark It's so hard for me to see what you've got. We do have to move on with time. We've made it to the show so we can see what you've got. That's not good enough. You can't do it.Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to go on to the next one. There you go. You got the right guy here. Yeah. We're about to get in on him. He sets a finger trips and we're trying to pull him up.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. MusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseBirds chirpingBirds chirping Music Background Sounds Music >> Are you ready to die, your action? Inaudible Remark (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Music Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Well. I think it is the new lot you see in the video, hope to see you in the next one. Good shit. Well, this is the moment. Well, don't worry. You may be here to mention. Finally, I'll kill the other guy. I'm going to have a lot of fun with the mosque. That's fine with me. We don't say goodbye to a beautiful poem. I want to wear a selfie dance. Music Music You know, I'm pinching my ass for you. Background Sounds Music Music Background Sounds >> What do you say? Background Sounds >>Inaudible Background Sounds (speaking in a foreign language) (sniffing) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Silence Silence Silence (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSICPausePausePausePausePause I love you. I love you too, you love me too. I love you. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePause Pause Pause PauseINAUDIBLE I cannot tell you this. You don't know what I'm doing.Music Music >> My gosh, look. SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Music Music MusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence This one. Thank you for watching. Thank you.silenceMusicMusic So, about this, we're going to see if we can see any of the other things that are going to happen. There are a lot of things that we can't really see, but we're going to see if we can see the other things that are going to happen. So, we're going to see if we can see any of the other things that are going to happen. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkCLICKsilenceMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I was aware that there was no police. Music >>Inaudible Music Music Background Sounds Music Music Silence Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds It's similar to this one, it's called the name of the original human, this is a show you can think of.MUSIC Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) MusicINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (gentle music)MusicMUSIC Music Music Silence Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudiblePause We have to sit with you until you get out of here and you'll get carried away. Thank you very much. We will be able to sum up our bill and all you will sum up. We will be able to make our bill and make our bill right to all you will get. We will sum up the bill and all you will sum up the bill. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC Music Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Pause Silence Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) This is Kinsen. You're a Christian. You're a Christian. You're a Christian. You're a Christian. You're a Christian. You're a Christian. You're a Christian. You're a Christian. You're a Christian. You're a Christian. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise That's it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Silence Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Inaudible Music SilenceMUSIC you you you you you you you you you Thank you. Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Pause Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and we will begin at the end of the session. We are going to take a few minutes in here to see the ship in advance, but by the way we have heard a statement, Mr. Oman, that the fact of the viral events has been confirmed. In the emerging rate of oil and gas, some of the million-hours of oil baths is reported. Mr. Oman told us, "I just have a little bit of gas, I have a little bit of oil, so I can simply make a bounce." (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC And the main story is that it's a lot more than a single day. It's about 15 million dollars. It's about 2,000 billion dollars. So that's a lot more than that. So that's a lot more than that. So that's a lot more than that. So that's a lot more than that. So that's a lot more than that. So that's a lot more than that. So that's a lot more than that. So that's a lot more than that. So that's a lot more than that. So that's a lot more than that. So that's a lot more than that. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) in the same message, it is in life. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So slide it in this. So slide it in this. So slide it in this. So slide it in this. So slide it in this. So slide it in this. So slide it in this. So slide it in this. So slide it in this.PausePause Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) This is a serious failure, and it comes from either parts of the day. There is a very important area where you have to end the day. To convince you that you are a pseudo-heats and hats, there are also some things that you have to support from, which you have to help in some countries. That's why I'm telling you that I'm not sure. I'm glad I'm glad.SpanishSpanishSpanishSpanishSpanishSpanishSpanishSpanishSpanish I think in my daughter is looking unique after a phone game. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark to be lenient on what so fruits can happen, I've just seen them. For some, I've seen a lot of joy, some in from here, but they're very nice. So I thought they had a very good idea that they might have been a bit nice at picking them up and picking them in, and then just sitting until they've dropped out, so they could be able to absolutely free the episodes. I don't know if you can be sure you can voice it. Well, I keep it warm, I think it was a very good, I'm going to carry it around. This is the land that we have on simple. We have seen the land that we have on simple. We have seen the land that we have on simple. We have seen the land that we have on simple. We have seen the land that we have on simple. We have seen the land that we have on simple. We have seen the land that we have on simple. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You must have only used it from the outside to the inside. The art will be done in commons and grinding on gas, and you'll notice that when we get down to the boat in the other boat right, sabotage effect it.MUSIC And when we inspect the gas, over the sabotage, we can start seeing the amount of consignation in men's, and this is a key concept. So that's where it starts on the boat, and then the other eights are coming out. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I must even feel that you are the same as me at this hall where the film is singing. I hope it shows when things are going to come out. Those are the modern sets. I just hope you can burn them back. In the end, you can start singing. They're not on the computer. Inaudible Remark the charts and the rest of my attention will be given to all of it. If you're still on the golden age of the South, do you know that? That's the one thing. I see that when I look at the video, I don't know if that's that. It's A623. Yeah. I think we don't know that. Yeah. If you want to believe in the South, focus. Hold on. Turn it around. Once again, it's even about you, and so do we. I hope you're not going to buy that. You're not going to show it, you're going to leave my name. People of projects are so secretive that any land they are. Since all the growing sense, they have put me in the land of all the empty, empty, empty, empty areas. But we still hope that if any growth of the land sink upon the shell, But so we can put it Inaudible Remarkinaudible So, we did some work on the plants. We did many, many, many of us saw the seeds of the leaves to out, and we put the salt in it. Still, I don't think I was able to do that. We did sell the leaves, but I don't think we could do it. So, I don't think we could do this. I don't think we could do this. I don't think we could do this. I don't think we could do this. I don't think we could do this.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and basically must allow us to give in support for the first part of our independence from our people. Now, in the end, we don't want to end it, and we say that what hope for better people is that they don't care if they have to do stress-spirited. So, tell them to give them a best partner in the end, and I'll mention some people are in the face to where they are, and they don't care if they have to do stress-spirited, and that's part of what we're talking about. So, I think it's a pretty sad and lonely thing. In the end of the video, we will talk about some of the most important things that we have done in the past. We will talk about the most important things that we have done in the past. We will talk about the most important things that we have done in the past. We will talk about the most important things that we have done in the past.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible Remark of the glass and this good road, here I guess, for the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, the road, road, Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark for under one or two minutes. That will make the end of the relaxing part of the room. From some excellent arms, at the end, you will be able to feel the warmth in your back and have it all in your sleep. That's how the kids get their baby. Seventeen. That's how the rest of the sleep will be. That's how the rest of the rest of the room will be.MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Good, and I'm going to see you here in Balaknaya today, and I'll go right into this spot where I'm going to do this. So for Indonesia, I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to go right into this spot where I'm going to You know what I would like to do if you didn't listen to me and you speak to me because I feel sorry for all of it. So I'm just going to speak to you because you don't feel sorry for me. If you need me to listen to you, I'll hold you up on your lips. For I don't like that, I'm going to have to get to you and I'll be accessible. So I'm going to make this best in college. I'm going to leave you after the book. So I'm going to make this best in college. I'm going to leave you after the book. So I'm going to make this best in college. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and sing four and then a positive song. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible to have the chance to explain it to you. They don't assume that those don't make the students a class or a student, they're afraid of the gender to be those. They're afraid of the gender to be the students. If I'm a little bit too young, I'll be just starting to start now. I'm just going to prove it in separate ways. You'll notice that they start to speak. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible and the city soon. Now, the Elshin is still in the city of Beirut. The city is from La Pilar, and we think that in total, the whole city will be around the level of the city. The other people will be around Beirut, and you'll have to go on the city roads. You have to do a lot of your own thing about the lane walker, and you'll be there so long. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and we're going to show you what is your body's name and what's your name, so we don't need that to be the name of the town. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark If you want to see more videos like this, you can see the link in the description. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So, that is very well done, this is a deep, deep, deep head, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep Background Sounds Silence Silence Music Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Yes, we are at the door of the box.INAUDIBLE But I don't know how to say it in terms of the terms, but honestly, I think it's a good thing to do. The goal is to make sure that you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're on the right side of the road and you're I don't know how to say it. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Remark Music Pause Pause We have a fine call from Shiloh County. I feel it really people want to find our own community, and part of that is that we want to accept.Music Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark I think I've done what we've done with the fields and fields and the fields, and I think it's good to start the sheets, the sheets, the fields, the fields, the fields, the fields. Let's see.MUSIC Music Music Music Music I'm going to be doing a T-MAR program in the 19th of May, so let's keep going. We'll be doing a little bit of the time I have to do that already. I'm going to be doing a little bit of the time I have to do a little bit of the time I have to do InaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise I vote. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers.MUSIC It's all here. I have to give you a little bit of diversity to get a good thought about it, but I always find that it will get a good change of it. So this is all from the distance. It's just a lot of things that I think it's much better than what I've done at the end of the year. So, I was wondering why you didn't see me came up with this. This is more about the people's work in Geneva. Well, we were through it. The fire was everywhere. So, I thought, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but we should have been dispatched. So, I'm really sorry. I'm sorry, and I didn't know there's been a lot of mischievous things that we must share, minds like sound. So I was like, well, I'm not going to tell you. Dr. Mule, I'm from the town of Gourmet. You can walk me through the streets. I'm going to walk you through the streets. Background Sounds Inaudible Remarkinaudible So I'm pushing the girl on the video. Awesome. So we have a video to that video. It's easy. You're going to touch it. You're going to sit there and put it on the fence. Check that out. It's one of the things. But we have to be in the shelter. Check it out. So off.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds I'm looking at one of the most interesting things I've ever seen. It's a very specific tool. (laughs) Yes, I love to hear that you want all the relationships. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible MusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudible MusicMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence 1, 2, 3, 4, 1, 2, 3, 4, 1, 2, 3, 4, 1, 2, 3, 4, 1, 2, 3, 4, 1, 2, 3, 4,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible and bring in everybody out to make a title, though, in the North America, and along the two maps there was someone who would be called in to the maps that I'm sitting in, one drop and one stop, the thing is that it's in this earth, and it's starting to fall. I'm going to ask the viewers if you want to see the region communicate, it should be a little easy to take it to the version where we're going to see the region communicate. Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark This is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a free one, this is a That's all for today, and I'm ready to continue walking. I'm going to go on the line and walk. I'm going to go on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk on the line and walk I'm going to go on the line and walk. Inaudible RemarkMusic Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm waiting on the cell part. (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) (murmurs) I just want you to come on. Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (indistinct) Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic What law do you have in your country? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Law? Inaudible Remark Inaudible Music Background Sounds Background Sounds (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic)MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't know how to say this, I don't Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So how do we just see it? Here's what we've got to say to you. If you're a type of little weapon system, first we're going to be left. If you have a 12-month-old type of weapon, then you're going to be left.inaudible Inaudible Remark And once you've made a path to the basic beneficiary, what if there are no more lessons, there are no lessons. Come on, mate, just come up with an evolved one. Don't say that the path is one. You see the balance, the importance. If you're serious, you don't know how many of this is bad. Just come back to the same thing, the rest.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Why would we have to vote for the bill? Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm serious about the time when we get a burrow, if you're ready, you have to be ready to do it. You have to be ready, you have to be ready, you have to be ready, you have to be ready to do it. Yes, you have to be ready to do it. Yes, you have to be ready to do it. Yes, you have to be ready to do it. You have to be ready to do it. Yes, you have to be ready to do it. Yes, you have to be ready to do it. Yes, you have to be ready to do it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thank you very much for your time. MusicINAUDIBLEMusic Music Silence And that was perfect, and we shall make a little bit of a short period of time. That's it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark InaudibleMUSIC (crying)Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark This is one of the most interesting things found over here.MUSICINAUDIBLE No, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, I can't hear you out, Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Let's start off with people who are based from smaller and accessible areas. Got those in the back of the street. People are in the front of the gate. Got those in the back of the street, and I'm careful as a proctor, and I'm okay, and I'm in people who are in the street, and I'm okay, and I'm in people who are in the front of the street. Too many people are in the front. Too many people are in the front. Too many people are in the front. Inaudible Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Let's see, we'll put this up in place. Back, we've got a little bit. Let me take the office. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. That's what the aim is. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (indistinct)INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remarkinaudible Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudible Thank you very much. Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Music Music Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds It is so cool to see. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark This is going to end in a tilt and down in this, with your own hands. I'm just going to push it a bit out of the position. If I raise my foot a little bit, we're going to do a little bit more, and then we're going to do this. I'm going to do this again with the shield and the shells. Inaudible Remark about the long end of the day, at the scene where we were going to start. Wasn't it due to the war that happened there? I love it. It was a bad, even though it was an incident of the Central America, it was a war ahead. It was just something new I did about time. Any idea that you missed your time? Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible You guys need to get along. Music Background Sounds Thank you very much. This one is going to be the first thing you're going to have to do about this time stop. This is going to be the first thing you're going to have to do about this time stop. This is going to be the first thing you're going to have to do about this time stop. This is going to be the first thing you're going to have to do about this time stop. That would be something that would really sustain the level of uncertainty and the law of the acting. It's really big. We see the game part of this drama in the future. We see the moment this film is going on, and that's it. Thank you. I think it's a long way to go ahead and I'm going to be able to help with these very clean concerns. So I'm going to start with this spot. I'm going to go here and pick up a spot. I'm going to pick up a spot.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background SoundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So, if I have the opinion on how I am going to do it, then I have the opinion on how I am going to do it.inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark time to be able to avail. It's only an advantage of the fee of a larger city. It's a very vast city, just a couple of years ago. It's a very large town. We're living far without a city. We're living far without a city. We're living far without a city. We're living far without a city. We're living far without a city. We're living far without a city. We're living far without a city. We're living far without a city. We're living far without a city. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So, I have for free, if you might trust me, it's not back in the comments, but I'm grateful for all of you. I'm just curious and I feel like I've got a question for you. So, I've got a question for you. I've got a question for you. I've got a question for you. I've got a question for you. I've got a question for you. I've got a question for you. I've got a question for you. I've got a question for you.INAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I never want to be a professional. So, when we spoke about the other hand, how was the border deal with the security? So, if you were to be able to back in a long period of time, you could have a lot of experience going through the border deal. But, I think we did a match that we could be five or five. At the end, the scene was absurd. It was pure dynamism to bring about a lot of fun on the spoil of the game. I told the scene of the story of the game. It was a bit of a mess. It was a bit of a mess. We could move the novel in the dark rock finals. It was a bit of a mess. Music Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Inaudible Remark That's the three-fourth of that. Foss. A lot. Hey, do I? Do I need my money?MUSIC I'm using this to talk about how many more fossed years are possible. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I hope you're not talking, you won't want to learn anything, you'll have to go over to figure it out, you'll need a lot of money, you'll need it here.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm going to see nothing.Music Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yes.INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark He used the word "bomberness" to move the product name in terms of the authorisation of After that, you all worked out. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I just wish we had it the top, here's the door open. Here's the door open. Here's the door open. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSICMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible Remarkinaudible And as Fred says, "It's a happy day to you to the water of the rock and pole that has formed a very strong concrete source here after the other project." The act of putting it in the river is not going to be enough. If you're viewing the film, you should find some way out of the house. Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The least they intercede for us is Japan's focus, people who work side-to-side and close in the pocket, who's in front of us. There are many of the staffs of one who find our students at their home, who are struggling in their homes. But they don't. They got names, a win place, and we got friends, and better covers at the moment are the info. If you really describe it in a bit, it would be non-violent, but not as fast as it would be. So the process of its own form of intelligence, Inaudible Remark Inaudible But they have had a few families for families, if families are clear, they're just going to be warned. Then they have had a couple of different types of families also. Okay, that's it, good luck, you need pretty good luck, there's almost none of them, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you got it, you Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds I'm sorry, this is going to be a bit of a problem, but I think it's going to be a problem. I think it's going to be a problem if it's going to be a problem if it's going to be a problem. Inaudible Remark Inaudible I think you can get back what's happening next, so there's those things you can do to make sure I'm fine, I'll take it every time you do the project and stuff, and all this time you'll have a question who's already told you to sign up to get a video and you'll get all my evidence. Inaudible Inaudible Remark There are many things that you can't rely on to do. There are only many years left. You've got to talk a lot about it a ton. You can show it a little bit. Yes.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm sure that I, if you don't know who I was, I'm going to throw out a few half-breeding dogs. If you know about this, if you're in here, it's a big problem. I'm not going to be able to finish it. If I'm carrying through those things, I'm going to be able to do this for both of us. I'm going to have to make a big mistake. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible I'm going to lie in third page.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking)MusicMusicinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudibleinaudible and it's a possibility for the effect of the seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seeded seed Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEMusicMUSIC Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Yes, the sunwalk is certainly called the Pirate and Pumperum. It's one of the lines. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at. It's hard to look at.Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark President Trump should be involved in the meeting. President Trump is a very important person to be involved in the meeting.MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Background noise Background Sounds Music I don't believe you too pretty shit. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Inaudible So, I'm going to go to the next slide. Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Music Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark And she died like a fidgety. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Background Sounds Background Sounds Yeah. It's Thomas. So, I'm going to start with a little bit more. Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yes sir, what do you think of the views, what do you think of the positive views of the views? Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusic Thank you. Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMusic So, really, I'm not the only one that's not going to be on that straight line today. So, the next problem is, I'm going to be ready to go to the end of it. This is just a challenge for all of us. So, we're going to go to the end of it. Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark But now, I'm thinking of this as a system, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years. I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it I'm going to be able to do it in a few years, I'm going to be able to do it in a few years. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible It's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure, it's an adventure >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE I also know that this space is one of the most important parts of this space. All in all, that space is one of the most important parts of this space. I have it in the pipeline. We have it in the pipeline. We have it in the pipeline. (inaudible) (inaudible) Thanks for your time, everyone.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark (indistinct) I'm just doing it. (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much, thank you very much. I'll see you guys later on in the next video. Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I'm going to see if you're going to see if you're going to see if you're not going to see Inaudible Remark and then finds to come out and listen to the sound of the elevator. But it isn't the sheep there either. You can see the people in the color of the leaves. So there's no oil drop. Only six units. Two units in the city, and five of them. So I'm just going to... Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible What's wrong with this guy? Come on, just a little bit. I'm fine with all of that. I'm fine with all of that. I'm fine with all of that. I'm fine with all of that. I'm fine with all of that. I'm fine with all of that. I'm fine with all of that. I'm fine with all of that. We have to see your advance in case you look. That's one of the necessary parts of the city. There it is, you don't have to see it, you don't have to see it, you don't have to see it. That was it.INAUDIBLE Yes, my man. We've been starting the pop box, and now we're going to be in key section. We've got to see the new pop. Yes, pop.MUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGPause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) All trust and trust is, it's all on your own time. All trust and trust is, yeah, it's all on your own time. All trust and trust is, yeah, it's all on your own time. Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. This is my recipe. I'm going to add a lot of sea water for the black hole. It's going to want to pop up. Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Background Sounds >> Standing back. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (indistinct) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you. Inaudible Remark Music Music Is that EOA? It's drop, I'll give you one. Music There's technology started. Music I'll tell you, I don't need to bother with that. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence So, I'm going to go to the next slide. (indistinct) Okay, you can decide who opens. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark >> Hi. >> What are the students? >> I don't know the students. They can see what we can see. >> What are the different things that we can show you? >> What are the lives of us? >> We have a problem. >> We have this urgent task. >> We have a brain health problem. >> What?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible I'm glad I did this to you, Pat. (inaudible)MUSIC Background Sounds MusicINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark (indistinct chatter) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music (speaking in foreign language) Second call, yes, it's all for the notes. One, four, five, six. We're going to put it in front of your towel.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Thank you very much.Music I'll see you in one go. I'll stop you at some of the part of the house. I'll talk to you in the next one. Go ahead. I'll get the floor over here. Sure.INAUDIBLE Here, see if it stands in half up. She was going to take the ball with the wire and press it in the center of the nose. We can call it that. It felt better to be in the middle of the bed. We saw a virus. I saw a lot of things going on. I said, "You know what? You're going to be in the middle of the bed. You're going to be in the middle of the bed." And the straight ball went on. It was very serious. No, no, no. It was very serious. It was very serious. It was very serious. They so loved, not for a black dog, but for a kiddie. Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)inaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE All of us, before I begin, I'm going to start with the sheet, the sheet. Inaudible Wow, excuse me, I'm not just a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not a cigarette, I'm not Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you.MusicMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) I'm the senior nurse of philosophy, and do it taking everything I'm doing with splotters with garlic and fish and garlic, and do it yourself. Listen to that, and do it. Cut all the body shape, and that piece of garlic, and for simply moving with the masturbate, Yospa, cut the upper tank and the legs, and the most is over in excellence. The idea is that you can see that you are at the end of the world's top of the world. The idea is that you can see that you are at the end of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the world's top of the The idea is that you can see that you are at the end of the world's top of the world. I hate for something to upset you there since I've been a little bit more violent than a delet, or a pal, even me. You must stop! Yeah, so please, just stop. You must stop. Please, just stop. You must stop. I just don't know how to do this. I know how to do this. I just don't know how to do this. I just don't know how to do this. I just don't know how to do this. I just don't know how to do this. I just don't know how to do this. I just don't know how to do this. I just don't know how to do this. I just don't know how to do this. I just don't know how to do this. I just don't know how to do this. I just don't know how to do this. I don't want to go, I don't want to say anything last night.PausePausePause Background Sounds Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMusic Music MusicMUSICMUSICMUSICMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds and the most central part of the song that you can do with music, and we're going to talk about the night shift in the middle of the night. Actually, it's the first tone of the competitors. We're going to talk about G and Jackie Wilson. We're going to talk about the night shift. We're going to talk about the fourth and the fourth and the fourth respectively. We're going to talk about the fourth and the fourth respectively, and we're going to talk about the night shift. We're going to talk about the darkest of the darkest of the darkest of the darkest. So you can look at the map in the EMS Yerkstalln and see if you can see the map better than you can see it. Ladies and gentlemen, we fastened the beauty distance that we have from the beginning, and the total time that we have from the top and the bottom. We have the help from the general of the other side, the champion spirit in the country. So we have a heart and a great help. The humble, the humble, the humble, the people who stand the strength and the best in the world. The golden ground left the Lord with a 500, 790. Music MusicMusic MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music MusicMusicMusicMusic It's really important to stay in the same position as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as you are doing in the same way as Please, Othegas, to get hangy and muffin.Music Music (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)Music (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) Music Music (laughing)MUSICMusic Silence Silence Inaudible Remark SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) that all in all those best systems and these 80 stopters and just how you see them and the Joe and in the booth, I'll see you on this day also with Edson for some of that victory. Residue the minute effect, the minute effect. That's what you're in next, there must be an angel playing with my heart.Music Music Music ♪ I'm in love, I'm into one of you ♪ ♪ It's a love of you ♪ ♪ It's a love of you ♪ ♪ It's a love of you ♪ ♪ I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love ♪ ♪ It's a love of you, it's a love of you ♪ Music ♪ Do you know I'd be ♪ ♪ So I'd rather be the green ♪ ♪ Than be the green ♪ ♪ Than be the green ♪ ♪ Than be the green ♪ ♪ Than be the green ♪ ♪ Than be the green ♪ ♪ Than be the green ♪ ♪ Than be the green ♪ ♪ Than be the green ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC MusicBEEPING See.MUSIC Silence Silence Silence Let's see if you want to go to the morning. I'm going to start singing about singing. I'm going to try to make sure I think that you will use my subpoena walking to work. Oh! She's making it, and I'm going to start singing about singing. That's it here, didn't you, then? Oh, you're the reason that we have come. Oh, you're the reason? Someday, in the 80s and 1000s. For now, we're going to miss one of those things. We're going to have to get them, and we've got saucers that we like and mountain-bonding. We're going to get them. Fish and sea, and then we'll see them with our own fish.MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and they can, it's a country that means it's in a retainer.PausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusic MusicMUSICMUSIC Music Music (speaking in foreign language)MusicMUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) And it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do it, it's not that you have to do So I'm going to start with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Music >> It's just a great zero. Inaudible Inaudible I'm going to need a bit of an exclusive of two 80s per video. I'll have that with me now, and I want to finish all of your old seats from the Arab back in the country. I'm also an African take on me from a high-stad drop. I'm going to have one of my own sat machine. It's been a great year for someone else to be there. But when you do some interview with a new 80s fed month hip-kinnah, you can only get a tip here even if it's a bit more fair. I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been working on this for 30 years now, and I've been (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And then you just have to run out of time, take in the doom and create some of the mofts, water on the ground, and then make some drinks in the bath. No one is there, you just have to swim, but don't have to do it. If you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it,MusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ I'll be glad that I'm still good ♪ ♪ In a cow I'll be glad that I'm still good ♪ ♪ In a cow I'll be glad that I'm still good ♪ ♪ In a cow I'll be glad that I'm still good ♪ ♪ I'll be glad that I'm still good ♪ ♪ In a cow I'll be glad that I'm still good ♪ ♪ In a cow I'll be glad that I'm still good ♪ ♪ In a cow I'll be glad that I'm still good ♪ Music Music ♪ It's about to start to end all year, so come to end to it ♪ ♪ We'll lose to it, we'll lose to it, we'll lose to it ♪ ♪ We'll be doing it, we'll lose to it, we'll lose to it ♪ ♪ We'll be doing it, we'll lose to it, we'll lose to it ♪ ♪ We'll be doing it, we'll lose to it, we'll lose to it ♪ ♪ We'll be doing it, we'll lose to it, we'll lose to it ♪ ♪ We'll be doing it, we'll lose to it, we'll lose to it ♪ ♪ We'll be doing it, we'll lose to it, we'll lose to it ♪ Thank you very much, and yes, Armon Pindy is in touch with the collective events of the show. There are a lot of people who are responsible for the show, and I also spoke about the experience of the Wittegers. It was one of the rare Armon Pindy who visited and then saw Wittegers from the outside. The players of the sun will go down, so they have to find their way out. Because the exclusive show for some of the P.D. concerts will be held. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)LaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughter (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's the theme of the "Ima" side for "Sumiga". (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughing) You're a terrible solider, you're a terrible liar.MusicMusicMusicMusic That's a very important question. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I'm sorry, I can't do that. in the United States for about 1 year and around 24% in 18 years, the average income of 6.0% is in front of us. The explanation is that the Afrobe Freida starts in a world where the red-dream will live. The legend that from the moral world to the bottom of the parking from an Audi incense, the French Brabantz, is that from the month of 1947, the Obama policy.Speaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language If you have any more tips on these methods, for your afternoon, two kids will definitely do the work. First, you should make your school with the insulated principle, key options for insulating, what's in your career, what's in your dexterial, what's in your skill, you're going to not have to throw it, and look, as it's open, and the micrubles fall into the mid-air plastic gaunchum, and it comes with a plus. You find all the tips, you can run over storkers, spynch, veeet, to drop by the stench and activate the fists and the eagents and the states and the esachio that you've opened up. They're the well-indale from the central hall, fragile acts. Then you see the class, the end of students, and then the other super-tourists, for the modern palette. For the freedom of work, they're the fists, that are the manifestant of the Buddha, for the trick of murder, and she doesn't so far know too. The letters from the same fellow to the modern world, for the same reason, so the handling of the grind to guns, on her phone, Now, you are in fact also in the long-term self-stuff, but I have already reached a 20-year-old student who is a student in the current age, and I must say, this is a modern age. So, did you need the religious authority to take up the power to the religious or panca-ordered students, where they are going to ask for a bit about the humbling and so on? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicCLEARS THROAT Music MusicMusic MusicINAUDIBLE (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) Music MusicINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Speaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) ♪ So be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be in the dream, so be Thank you very much. Music SilencePausePause I think I have to go through the field with a lot of parts you don't see too much. and a simple act to get you in the office or pay for the act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act of act Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So, I'll be moving on to the other group's lots. So, I'll be moving on to the other group's lots. So, I'll be moving on to the other group's lots. So, I'll be moving on to the other group's lots. So, I'll be moving on to the other group's lots. So, I'll be moving on to the other group's lots. So, I'll be moving on to the other group's lots. So, I'll be moving on to the other group's lots. So, I'll be moving on to the other group's lots. >> It's been 14 years, we've done pretty good on the radio. It's got some decaying, it's quite innocent. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) only prevent damage, damage, and infuriate, and escalate, deal with the size of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot you cause of the foot to the foot you cause to the foot you cause to the foot you cause to the foot you cause to the Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music SilenceBellBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGINGBELL RINGING Music Silence Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark ♪ In the Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark The manifestos of the art of the base of science and fiction that was built, that should be also be human, and so with the four feelings that was depicted here, we can see that there's a guy in the background, and so we can see that there's a guy in the background, and so we can see that there's (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) of banks. We can probably hear both the same, presumably different from each other. So, we can see that there is a lot of pressure, but it is a lot of pressure. So, we can see that there is a lot of pressure, but it is a lot of pressure. So, we can see that there is a lot of pressure. Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Silence Is it the effect on the scenes? Yes, it is. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Music Music Background Sounds Silence Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark of the month in Finland, zero to three, four-hour, two-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, three-hour, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence SilenceSpanishSpanishSpanish The style icon, the Madame, the artist, he claimed was in Eiffelora and this year, and it has been working for a long time. It's all about our use as a muse and so on, and so we're all going to sit down and see what's going on, and she's going to sit down and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and see what's going on and And so we're going to sit down and see what's going on. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) greats, nick of style, barred, resents, it's the audience, they've won, but they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, they've won, it's the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the 80's, the ♪ I know that the moment is here ♪ ♪ I love and love and love and love ♪ ♪ To show you inside ♪ ♪ That's the last of all ♪ Music Music >>INAUDIBLE ♪ We all want to make mistakes ♪ ♪ Yeah, we'll have a ending ♪ ♪ There was a need to be there ♪ ♪ There's to defend ♪ ♪ There won't be a chance to be mistakes ♪ Music Music Music Music Music >> It's been show. The 80s, not thousands, the fountains sing this song. Music Music Music Music Silence Music Background Sounds Background Sounds >>INAUDIBLE I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never heard of it before, and I've never (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (upbeat music) - Now, let's move up to what's the next thing I'm gonna do.MusicMUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Check for your regular gear, boom-pee. So, did you must in the ass, that bison hundred against the gear, were on the other side? But, you can drive, wash, wash, wash, and so on, there's a ton of dirt, and you can start to go down to the next and so on. Ah, I almost can't work, I just want to do it. I can't do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I just want to do it, I can't swim, I can't swim, I can't swim, I can't swim. (bell rings) And now we shall begin in the garden, yet we can out in five minutes at six to nine minutes. Over here in the spend the egg. Salmon, my physician. (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) Oh, see if you can put it in the middle. You should understand what's after. (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) and we'll see you in the next video. *Groans* *Groans* *Groans* Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Pause Inaudible Remark Music Background Soundsinaudible (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise Background SoundsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected We've been able to do that once we did this.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMUSICINAUDIBLEMusicinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible Remark Music Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence Silence InaudiblePause Chill. Right.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much.PausePausePause Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Background noise Please. Very, very clear.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (indistinct) MusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence So, we have to go to the next slide. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence SilencePause Yes, please, please, please, please, please, please. Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Background SoundsPausePause Silence Silence SilenceMUSIC Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence I'm going to start with this one. I'm going to start with this one. Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Inaudible Remark Background SoundsINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Pause Pause Pause Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Pause Pause Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Okay, I'll open the second page. Next, follow the page. You can see it's in this page. Inaudible Thank you. Silence SilencePausePausePause Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. Inaudible RemarkPause Pause Pause Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence So, we have a question for you, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, pleasePauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Pause Pause Inaudible Background Sounds Silence Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Okay. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Music PausePause Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Thank you very much.Laughter Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Background SoundsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (knocking on door) So, we have a very good view of the view, we have a very good view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the view of the Inaudible Thank you very much. Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Pause Silence Silencesilencesilence Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds So, this is the first time I have done this, this is the first time I have done this. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsPausePausePause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much. Inaudible InaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Pause Pause Background Sounds Background Sounds (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Pause Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much. Background noise Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Pause Pause Background noise Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, I think the next approach is to stay in St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St St Stinaudible Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark and he should be able to talk to everybody. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Background Sounds Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Background Soundsno audioMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Background SoundsMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to give you a few minutes to think that you're going to be able to get your hands on the floor. Inaudible Remark This year, from my good life to you, that wasn't getting away from Prince. But when he had another lonely princess, and had two kattis and a cloth, the door was raised to her. It was for a Christmas moment, for a Sheila ease of the day, the old Prince acts and her princesses. The door was opened and the door was opened, and the door was opened and the lights were dirty. These days, the door was closed. Inaudible Remark (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) Background Sounds Inaudible (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So... So... So... Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (clicking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)Pause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMUSICMusicMusic As old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and MusicMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) the pro people. They always were so profeble. They get in the pan, rammed in the air with shots, and they're going to step on to the teens of the lights and darken the room and get a stand on the ship, and so they also hear with mouth so they'll be so much expressionless, and they're inshatchable but they say inshatchable. They say they're not culture, and they're gone. So they don't know. So they don't know.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible SilenceMusicMUSIC Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music It's a bold timing to study the genius ending.Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC Inaudible RemarkMUSIC What a nice start of the movie, don't you think?MusicINAUDIBLEMUSICinaudibleMusicMusic Music Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music MusicMusic Music You can come y'all from a product-like meeting, so I've been so busy that I've been seeing some of the other guys. So I've been a heck of a goose, and I've been seeing them here, and I'm so nervous, I've been getting ready to open my wish. I've come to help you, and you've been feeling good, so you've been looking for it. So I'm going to sit there and take a picture, and I'm going to take a picture. Hey, yeah, I have a part, so I'm going to take a picture with you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds It's chill, chill, chill, it's hot, it's hot, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chillMusic Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) And we're all the students of all the New York State University and the New York State University of America.MUSIC Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) Silence Silence Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds That's it for my partner, that's it for my partner, that's it for my partner. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (chanting in foreign language) (inaudible) Inaudible Inaudible What the heck? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC Music Music (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing)MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMUSICMusic Music Inaudible RemarkMusic MusicMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Music Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Music Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter)MUSICMUSICMusic Silence Silence Silence Music ♪ What's the point of being a beautiful woman ♪ ♪ Be part of being a beautiful woman ♪ ♪ I'm so happy to be a beautiful woman ♪ ♪ And hold on ♪ ♪ Oh, steady, beautiful ♪ ♪ Oh, me ♪ ♪ Oh, you too ♪ ♪ Match the glass ♪ ♪ You'll pass me ♪ ♪ To my heart ♪ ♪ To my heart ♪ ♪ To your heart ♪ ♪ Oh, you're not ♪ ♪ To your heart ♪ Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSICMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Background Sounds (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (indistinct chatter)MUSICMUSICinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds So, it's a great music. MusicMusicMusicMusic (coughing) (coughing) MusicMusic Background SoundsMusic Background SoundsMUSICMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Background Sounds (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMUSICMusic Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Background SoundsMusic I'll show you just a little bit more. (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) MusicMUSIC Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Stairwayway ♪ ♪ Puzzle, ah, me ♪ ♪ I never thought I'd be free to see you ♪ ♪ It's proud to stay away from me ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC MusicMusic Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible Remark ♪ We're at the evening, and we're at the morning ♪ ♪ And we're at the evening, and we're at the evening ♪ ♪ And we're at the evening, and we're at the evening ♪ ♪ And we're at the evening, and we're at the evening ♪ Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Music ♪ She wants it, the guy that gave it to her ♪ ♪ She wants it, the guy that gave it to her ♪ ♪ She wants it, the guy that gave it to her ♪ ♪ She wants it, the guy that gave it to her ♪ ♪ She wants it, the guy that gave it to her ♪ ♪ She wants it, the guy that gave it to her ♪ ♪ She wants it, the guy that gave it to her ♪MUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic Music MusicMUSIC Music Music Music Silence Silence It's a chill chill. It's a great music and world. It's a great music and world.Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSIC Music MusicMUSIC It's huge, it's so easy.MUSICMusic Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Music Silence Background Sounds (indistinct chatter)MusicMUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Music Background SoundsMUSICMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds ♪ I'm gonna have to see the day ♪ ♪ So let's wear some simple dogs ♪ ♪ And not take it easy ♪ ♪ You know what I'm talking about? ♪ ♪ You know what I'm talking about? ♪ ♪ You know what I'm talking about? ♪ ♪ You know what I'm talking about? ♪ ♪ You know what I'm talking about? ♪ ♪ You know what I'm talking about? ♪ Inaudible Remark Music MusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Background noise Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and force the bans in the archiving of the mountain, and the other groups on the last border should serve. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience laughs) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MUSIC So, thank you for today. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Background SoundsMusic Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSICMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMUSIC MusicMusic (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) - Let's see, let's see.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So you're all really easy to have been a master's community, things that you've ever seen. Those who have been a community has not been able to help with that so much less talking to us about the state of the world, and for example, the Sunday, the two-day round, the two-day round is challenging. If you really want to push yourself to the side of this,inaudibleMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusicMusic MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Inaudible (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic)inaudible Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic MusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMusic MusicMusic MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Background SoundsMusic Inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Chacha, chacha, chacha, chacha ♪ Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)Music But what I'm telling you is that you can actually do the top of the ground and you can see it all in the middle of the system. You can see it's doing the same things. So you can see it's changing back to the other side of the floor. So you can see it all in the middle of the floor. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible MusicINAUDIBLE (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (indistinct)Music Music MusicMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)inaudible You see, I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to explain that to you.MUSICMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter)inaudibleMusicMUSICMusic and then for a brand new way to do it, to see what they ought to be, and what kind of miracle they are for, and all of us, those who are seeking it, can change it. (indistinct) (indistinct)Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds and you will see all of you in this action, and let all of you have a good life. So, one by one. You will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one who will be the only one Thank you all for being with me. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music (speaking in foreign language)Music Music Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Music and if you want to solve it, then you can do something and it will be a good thing to do. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MUSIC Music Music Musicinaudible Please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, on the other hand, please, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) back and have a good one, but it's still a long feeling to your own, but it feels nice. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I want to see these radlops where so many people so all are sin-fists. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Music Music Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Silence Silence Music It's 9.47. Don't pay no regular ratchets. There's an old man sitting next to me. Baby love, too, it's time again to check. Check, check, check.Music Music Music ♪ You better spin on me ♪ ♪ You better spin on me ♪ ♪ You better spin on me ♪ ♪ You better spin on me ♪ ♪ You better spin on me ♪ Music Musicinaudible Music Music MusicMusic ♪ To the path of truth, it was fair, strong ♪ ♪ But they know that it's me ♪ ♪ They've been coming to see me ♪ ♪ So they're getting by for the night to grow up ♪ ♪ And I'm going to be here ♪ ♪ And I'm going to stand up ♪ ♪ And I'm going to stand up ♪ ♪ All the strength will be here ♪ Inaudible Remark Thank you.MUSIC Music MusicMUSIC Music Music Inaudible Remark Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds SilenceMusic MusicMusic Music (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Pause Pause Music (audience chattering) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMUSIC MusicMusic Music Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Music MusicMusicMusic Music MusicMUSICPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ It's Chimba, it's Chimba ♪MUSIC (indistinct chatter)MUSIC Music Music Music MusicMUSICMUSIC Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic MusicMusic (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ To be with myself in silence ♪ ♪ And leave me, leave me, leave me ♪ ♪ To be with myself in silence ♪ ♪ And leave me, leave me, leave me ♪ ♪ To be with myself in silence ♪ ♪ And leave me, leave me, leave me ♪ MusicMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic MusicMUSICINAUDIBLEMUSIC Music Music Music Silence Silence Silence Silence (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music MusicMusic ♪ A steady girl can't see a girl just because she's got me down on my knees ♪ ♪ And she's got me down on my knees ♪ ♪ And she's got me down on my knees ♪ ♪ And she's got me down on my knees ♪ ♪ And she's got me down on my knees ♪ ♪ And she's got me down on my knees ♪ Music Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) Music Music Music ♪ I think I'm the same to deep in love ♪MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music ♪ That is my best honor to be with you ♪ ♪ That is my best honor to be with you ♪ ♪ That is my best honor to be with you ♪ ♪ That is my best honor to be with you ♪ Music Music MusicMusic It's so easy.MusicMusicMusicMUSIC Music Music ♪ The last stars ♪Music Music Music Music Music (laughing) ♪ You will keep the dream ♪ ♪ You will never ♪ ♪ You will keep the dream ♪ ♪ You will keep the dream ♪Music Good times, great news.Music MusicMusicMusic Music Music MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) When I found Athens, I fell on the sand. I said, "I will leave my meaningful shit." Of all things I've premiered before saying it's your turn. It's an unspory, the faith was a tough one. But for me, that's the same from the ancient. That's my most sincere statement of that. It's very much so in my company, in the morning. It's a tool to overcome a limited means to fit to receive the message. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMUSIC (upbeat music) MusicMUSICinaudibleMUSIC MusicMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music >> Great music, it's a show. MusicMusic ♪ And grab a piece of wood that gets over the forest line ♪ ♪ She's been in just a friend of mine ♪ ♪ So I spread it well ♪ ♪ She's been in just a friend of mine ♪ Music MusicMusic Music ♪ She's been told that she's been afraid ♪ ♪ In this universe of the world ♪ ♪ I'm not afraid ♪ ♪ It's a terrible, rare morning ♪ ♪ We do not understand ♪ ♪ She's been told that ♪ ♪ In this world ♪ ♪ She's been told ♪ Music ♪ Don't swim back ♪ ♪ Just to put it in your footprint ♪ ♪ Big, big, big, big mountain ♪ ♪ Big, big, big, big mountain ♪ ♪ Big, big, big mountain ♪ ♪ Big, big, big mountain ♪ ♪ Big, big, big mountain ♪ Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MUSICMusicMusicMusicMusicMUSICinaudibleMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible So that's all for today's video. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Thank you very much for your time. Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic MusicMusic (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMusic Inaudible RemarkMUSICMusicMusic Background Sounds Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) and you can do so. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Music ♪ And in your dreams ♪ ♪ I will give you my life ♪ ♪ That I will do my best to you ♪ ♪ My hope is ♪ ♪ In your dreams I must ♪ ♪ I will give you my life ♪ ♪ To the perfect world ♪ ♪ And in your dreams ♪ ♪ For it's for you ♪ ♪ That I will ♪MUSICinaudibleMusicMusic Inaudible Remark (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic)INAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Music Silence Silence Silence SilenceMusicMusicinaudibleMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (indistinct chatter)MUSIC MusicMusic Background Sounds Inaudible Remark ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ ♪ We have the right to the right ♪ Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicMusicMusic Background Sounds MusicMusic Background SoundsMusicinaudibleMUSIC InaudibleMusic Music Background Sounds MusicMusic Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Music MusicMusicMusicinaudibleMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds MusicMusic InaudibleMusicMUSIC Music MusicMUSIC (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music Inaudible Remark ♪ But it's supposed to show the freshness of the sh*t. ♪ ♪ How would the sh*t ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ♪ How was the ra-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a MusicMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music MusicMUSIC Music Background Sounds Music Music Inaudible Remark Music Background SoundsMusic Music Background SoundsMusicMusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Background Sounds MusicMusic Music Music Music Music MusicMusic MusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.Music Music Background SoundsMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music Background SoundsMusic Inaudible (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Background SoundsMusicMusic MusicMusic Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMUSIC Background Sounds >> Two questions. Good times, great music everybody. (audience laughing) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Background Sounds Background Sounds MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Get some sleep to me ♪ ♪ I'm not sure if I'm gonna fall for you ♪ Background Sounds Music Music Silence Music Music ♪ She's been betraying me ♪ ♪ The old dance, the old one ♪ ♪ She farts, the old side takes the old one ♪ ♪ The smile I can't tell you ♪ ♪ The courage I have to walk ♪ ♪ I know where to go ♪ Background Sounds Music MusicMUSIC Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence MusicMusicMusic Music Music Background Sounds Silence ♪ Yet you have no taste ♪ ♪ I can't believe it ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ I can't believe it, I can't believe it ♪ Music MusicMUSIC MusicMUSIC Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Hey, yeah, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same, we're the same,MusicMusicMUSIC Music MusicMusic Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Music Silence (audience laughs) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MusicMUSIC (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Thank you so much. It's a great, great section. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much.Music Music Music Music Music Music Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic MusicMusic So, I'm going to go to the next slide, I'm going to go to the next slide, I'm going to go Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Music >> Ladies and gentlemen. >> Show. >> We'll show. >> Ladies and gentlemen. MusicMusic Music Music Background Sounds Music Music Inaudible Remark MusicMusic MusicMUSIC (upbeat music) Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music ♪ And if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, if I can't shoot, ifMusic Music Music Inaudible Remark Music Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Silence Silence (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MUSIC Music Silence Silence Background Sounds Music ♪ It's easy to me, it's easy to you ♪ ♪ It's easy to me, it's easy to me ♪ ♪ It's easy to me, it's easy to me ♪ ♪ It's easy to me, it's easy to me ♪ Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic MusicMusic MusicMusic Music MusicMusic Music Music Music Music SingingMusicMusic Music Background SoundsMusic Music Silence Silence Thank you very much. MusicMusic Music Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language)Music Music Background Sounds Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusic Music MusicMusicMusicMusic MusicMusic Music Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Music Silence Silence >> See how I'm seeing this? Music Music Thank you very much for your time. Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark (audience laughing) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ So it's time ♪MusicMusic MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Background SoundsMusic Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Remark Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic Go wash your hands. Good time, great music! Good time, great music! Good time, great music! Good time, great music! Good time, great music! Good time, great music! Good time, great music! Good time, great music! Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark Silence It's so shy. (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) MusicinaudibleMUSIC Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence SilenceMusic Do you want me to go and let me be the judge? Sure.INAUDIBLE Yeah.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music Music ♪ In a thin, thin, thin, young ♪Music I can still play in the game. I can still play in the game. I can still play in the game. I can still play in the game. I can still play in the game. I can still play in the game. I can still play in the game. I can still play in the game. I can still play in the game. I can still play in the game. Inaudible RemarkMusic Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Background Sounds Music Music Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Music Music Music Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Music Music Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Background Sounds MusicMusic Good times, man.Music Music And that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to be, that's Music MusicMusic Music Music Background Soundsinaudible Music Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you. Silence Music I'm how I take my song when it's in your life too. It's pretty so cold I don't know where to go. I thought it'd be difficult but it was pretty cute. But they won't find that I don't know where to go. I found out what I wanted. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remark Pause Pause Pause Silence >> Hey, gentlemen. Good times. >> Great music. Music ♪ We've been shabbin' to the top of the building ♪ ♪ And I've been shittin' to the top of the building ♪ ♪ But thanks I'm gonna keep some to make it go ♪ ♪ We're either doomed ♪ ♪ We're the ones who've been forced to settle ♪ ♪ We've got to go to the bottom floor ♪ ♪ Some that is not even a perfect ♪ ♪ And you can't go thin ♪MUSIC (indistinct chatter) Music Background Sounds MusicMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Background Sounds Music Music Let's start. Thank you very much. Music Background Sounds Background Sounds It's on straight music, it's show. Thank you very much. Thank you. Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music MusicMUSIC Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMUSICMUSIC ♪ Change the world, yeah, that's one day ♪ ♪ The day together, still turning back ♪ ♪ Small, small, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful ♪ Change the world, yeah, that's one day ♪ MusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music >> Now,inaudible >> Yes. >> Yes. >> It's easy.MusicMusic ♪ But the way they buy the jet ♪ ♪ They win cheap on Germans ♪ ♪ Oh my, they give up on Germans ♪ ♪ They win the Germans ♪ ♪ They win the Germans ♪ ♪ But the way they build up on Germans ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Music (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Music MusicMusic Music Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Silence SilenceMusic ♪ I want a big black horse ♪ ♪ When I'm sure it's you ♪ ♪ Oh, it's you ♪ ♪ Turn it a year from my back ♪ ♪ And then turn it back just to go up the roof ♪ ♪ Oh, it's you ♪ ♪ Big black horse ♪ ♪ And look at his face ♪ ♪ And they won't be nervous ♪ ♪ It's you ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter)Music ♪ And the big flag was on the cherry ♪ ♪ And now I'm so back with it, that's all ♪ ♪ And now I'm so back with it, that's all ♪ ♪ The big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big way, the big ♪ And now I'm so back with it, that's all ♪ ♪ And now I'm so back with it, that's all ♪ ♪ And now I'm so back with it, that's all ♪ ♪ And now I'm so back with it, that's all ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music MusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) ♪ She should be so lovely to me ♪Music Music Music ♪ It's a big ♪MUSIC Music ♪ And if we go in free time ♪ ♪ And if there's something each of us of you ♪ ♪ And if we go in free time ♪ ♪ And if we go in free time ♪ ♪ And if we go in free time ♪ ♪ And if we go in free time ♪ Music MusicMUSICMusic Music Silence Music Music Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Music Silence Silence >> Good times, great usage. Silence Music Music MusicMUSIC Music Music Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) MusicMusic Music ♪ Everybody's singing, everybody's singing ♪ ♪ It's so sad to find the way ♪ ♪ Everybody's singing, everybody's singing ♪ ♪ It's so sad to find the way ♪ ♪ Everybody's singing, everybody's singing ♪ ♪ Everybody's singing, everybody's singing ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music ♪ That music in the song ♪ ♪ Can't wait to see what I've got ♪ ♪ Yeah, I've got to go there ♪ ♪ Can't wait to see what I've got ♪ ♪ Can't wait to see what I've got ♪ ♪ Can't wait to see what I've got ♪ ♪ Can't wait to see what I've got ♪ Music Background Sounds Music Silence SilenceMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (laughing)MUSICMusicMusic ♪ I'm not a bit so mature ♪ ♪ So I'm a bit sad ♪ ♪ I'm not a bit mature ♪ ♪ I'm not a bit mature ♪ ♪ I'm not a bit sad ♪ ♪ I'm not a bit mature ♪ Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds >> And our next name is Joe Marshall. Good times, great music.MusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusic ♪ Do you feel too stupid to fear somebody else? ♪ ♪ Stand be in the shadows of pain. ♪ ♪ Do you feel too stupid to fear somebody else? ♪ ♪ Do you feel too stupid to fear somebody else? ♪ Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Background Sounds >> It's a children's show, it's a great music. Background Sounds She can do it with a smile, she can have a good ride, she can do it with a bit for the chat and she won't lie, she'll never feel what she wants to say, she hides like a child and she's always with me.MusicMusicMusic Music Music She's free, worthy, proud, and she's so beautiful, she's so free, and she's not put into ♪ Who was she can't think of, did you learn her dream? ♪ ♪ And the old she lives, the old she knows it too, ♪ ♪ but she threw away the land to me. ♪ ♪ You don't have to think of me. ♪ ♪ You don't have to think of me. ♪ ♪ You don't have to think of me. ♪ MusicMUSICMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic Music MusicMusic Music Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Matt is also pregnant. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh, hold on, since I'll give me an imprimal salience, she also needs an arms for him. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language)MusicMusic Music Music (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and uh, uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and uh, and (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And that's it for today's video. Thank you for watching. See you next time. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, is some stuice? Yeah, and now we hear the fettles stuice. Yeah, I think that's a... Sway, I don't trust you. Emo, you don't know. That's interesting. It's interesting. That's what I'm talking about. All of the longings, like, are really interesting. Yeah, I think so too. I think it's really interesting. I think it's really interesting. I think it's really interesting. I think it's really interesting. I think it's really interesting. I think it's really interesting. I think it's really interesting. I think it's really interesting. Now I've been saying I failed all of the arms. These were lifted to your podium. How did it feel? This is a fact. The same statistics should be yours. No more, and some bad things that you have.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMusicMUSICMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Background Sounds Music (laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (groaning) Background Sounds Music Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible The world of naratials was set to be in some of our barren shots and Dr. Bross, some ballers, and these gunners in the cells by the air at the moment have had taken this fear of the dead to an infirmary to the dead and killed some of the dead in his stomachs. The guilty, thus, of the lost and from the dead, methenchial sloth, in the medics, and he's just stopped on me. I love the dead to the world. Inaudible Remark MusicMUSICMUSIC ♪ With no less chance to see you, you'll see ♪ ♪ If you can't, you'll see ♪ ♪ Don't hold a key here ♪ ♪ With no time to see you ♪ ♪ If you can't, you'll see ♪MusicMusicMusic MusicMUSICinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Music Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Background Sounds Thank you for your time, and I'll see you in the next video. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Background noise Music Background noise Background noise Dr. Farkin's speech.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) best to never look at this as a foul too late, but living on a train from Buncho to the (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I really don't understand what you're saying.MUSIC You must be part of your day. You must be part of your day. You must be part of your day. You must be part of your day. You must be part of your day. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible MusicMusic Music Music Music Silence Silence Silence and that real message, shake it back, it's do things it needs to make.inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible to the nation, or those ones who are near, but I'll be the coversteller, and he's got me the plus, and that's so, it's so low, I can't take it, you need to know what's in my arms, ladies. I don't know, I just don't know what's in my arms, I can't take it, I don't know what's in my arms, I can't take it, I don't know what's in my arms, I can't take it, I don't know what's in my arms, I can't take it, I don't know what's in my arms, I can't take it, I don't know what's in my arms, I can't take it, I don't know what's in my arms, I can't take it, I don't know what's in my arms, I can't take it, I don't know what's in my arms, I can't We know that in your search for help there is no secret to anything you ever seek and to have a chance to meet your friend. We know that in your search for help there is no secret to anything you ever seek and to have a chance to meet your friend. This weekend is a great match for me and I'm very proud of you. So many times you met your friends and said, "It's like I've been born on the habit of it." And it's like I've been born on the habit of it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Background SoundsMusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) MusicMusic I'm so excited. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Music ♪ I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'mMusicMUSICMusicMusic Music Music Inaudible Remark Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)INAUDIBLE Music Music Music Music Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Somebody's watching me, if I could, I'd like to tell it to my ears.MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC to have it, but that's always a fancy gift, once you saw either hands. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE and there are also different kinds of activities that look to me, but in some of the similarities with the recognition to start an after-belief statement, especially in the University of the Arts and Sciences, there is a bill by the state's protest, but with the City of Bucket cells, we will prevent until student and detective round the inter-beliefs of the throughout the student-beliefs, preventings of him being available, so it's only a matter that (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to finish this, we have to (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) there should just be even more stand-up than all so we can turn to hear that right now.Music to the march in Sweden, don't you think? Yeah, yeah, that was so much more important. I remember when I came here, I saw five or six corners, we'd just be in the back with a spoon, and weren't it with a glass? Oh, yeah, it is. You can look at that thing, looks at that. It's important to look all over the place. Each of them is a bit splitter, and I continue to form my life, With a little bit of fun, you know, that you should get the egg and the mussels from the end of the year, and that's why I was a little bit surprised. I was a little bit surprised, but I was a little bit surprised. I was a little bit surprised, but I was a little bit surprised. I was a little bit surprised, but I was a little bit surprised. I was a little bit surprised, but I was a little bit surprised. I was a little bit surprised, but I was a little bit surprised. I was a little bit surprised, but I was a little bit surprised. I was a little bit surprised, but I was a little bit surprised. I was a little bit surprised, but I was a little bit surprised. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I thought in action, but I was a two-year parker and I was a two-year-old. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music And then the faculty will be seated and seated.MusicMUSIC Music Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence SilenceMusic MusicMusic Music Music MusicMusicMUSIC MusicMusic MusicINAUDIBLE That's fair.Music I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don't think so, I don'tMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music MusicMusic Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. If you can construct all these, there's to this, you can also have some of these, some half-viewed, and then you can also have these, and this is a present chain. Perfect. If you can work this, it's a pretty brief answer. I also wanted to give you some half-viewed, there's to be a complete field of this house, and they're not situated to the fields. Thank you very much. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You're the battle of safety.Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC MusicMusicMusicMUSICsilencesilence One day in my life, someone said to Max, "Hey, a taxi through me, you are welcome to my self." Then the opening dance won't be shown, but I said, "How long do you think you can expect from the session, one day in your life?" The doctor said, "Small, yeah, a taxi is best, if it were a press fair, I'd start and make a door, top, no fair." "Tot, no, top, no, gently, guys, I'll tell them if you have a girlfriend, baby, baby, the safety that I felt at a restaurant in Virginia, give it up to Joanna.MusicMUSIC MusicMUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silenceinaudible I don't know how to do that, sleep a little bit and I'll say, "I'll sleep in the last 30 minutes, hope you'll listen to me." Any girl in the store eats a bread. She ships the house and the ground and the ground and the ground and the ground and the ground and the position. I'm sorry, the artist is a electric avenue and do you hope to do that now? No. I'm talking about features of all these things. So, someone must be in the back, think of those people, and it fails. Oh, there is the piece on the wall. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark In the gull, dip, I was my friend. I had a big fricking and fricking trade.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic to be a descendant of Jesus. So, I'm going to spend the evening.MusicMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Silence (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusic MusicMusic Music Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Music MusicMusicinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to give you the show of your life that I promise you, and the next time I'd like to thank our fans, our British fans, our fans and whales, giving us a series of shows that were deeply memorable and we just have great shows. Great. We'll be back during the 20th possible or the 20th possible.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Silence Silence Inaudible RemarkMUSIC of the tank and the lead is down to the washroom. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to take the gym, I'm going to shoot up my bear. I have a taxi, but I'm going to leave it in the spare. I'm going to give you a hand. I have a door, a window, a seat. I'm going to put my bag in the spare. I was so pinchier, I think I have a taxi. I'm going to put my bag in the spare. I'm going to put my bag in the spare.inaudibleinaudible and be sick, don't switch your alarm off, but if you don't, then what's your hand down? What's your hand down?inaudibleinaudible and silence creates a result of a lot of wrongful thinking in the Russian government. We have a very good point for that. We have a very good point for that. We have a very good point for that. We have a very good point for that. We have a very good point for that. We have a very good point for that. We have a very good point for that. We have a very good point for that. We have a very good point for that. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSICINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next video and I'm going to go to the next (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMusicMusic Background SoundsMusic Music Music MusicMusicMUSIC Music Music Music Background Sounds Music and that's it, and I'm taking a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit Inaudible Remark I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions. I'm not still the halloween professions.INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Music Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silenceinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence MusicMUSICMusic MusicMusicMusicMUSIC (audience laughing) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Inaudible Remark Okay, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I think that's it, I Inaudible RemarkMusic So here I have a piece of my part and I mean something I can't tell you now. She must live here with me in the middle of the room. She's seen a bunch standing here on the side of the room, and she'll come down to see me, and she'll come down to see me, and she'll come down to see me, and she'll come down to see me, and she'll come down to see me, and she'll come down to see me, and she'll come down to see me. We want to do this next time, we want to open a new system. It's made for the whole thing, but it's a 10-inch computer. It's in the 2010s. Can't drop the data. We used to grab some of the new ones. We want to open a new system. It's a 10-inch computer. It's a 10-inch computer. It's a 10-inch computer. It's a 10-inch computer. It's a 10-inch computer. It's a 10-inch computer. It's a 10-inch computer. It's a 10-inch computer. It's a 10-inch computer. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think it's a bit of a bad thing to say about the one thing we've been seeing in the past. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible Remark Background Sounds (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Background Sounds Background Sounds InaudibleMusicinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Music Background Sounds MusicMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music Background Sounds Music Music Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Silence Thank you. Silence (inaudible) Music Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds So we're going to aim at the 80s slow down as it's going. We're going to be going to get ready to make a little bit of a decrease.MUSICMUSICMUSIC I'm super excited. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) the ship's patio, so the little lad is for the plunge. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You're the Indy, so you're nice. (laughing) Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MUSIC Background Sounds Silence Silence Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And also, the game was perfect in the long-staff, and it was all very exciting. It was great to see all the people who were watching the game. It was great to see all the people who were watching the game. It was great to see all the people who were watching the game. It was great to see all the people who were watching the game. It was great to see all the people who were watching the game. It was great to see all the people who were watching the game. It was great to see all the people who were watching the game. It was great to see all the people who were watching the game. It was great to see all the people who were watching the game. It was great to see all the people who were watching the game. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds She wants to die. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusicMUSICMusic Music Silence Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music MusicMusic Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and those who are there, they will come back to the phone to reach me. for shenna, why you see that I'm going to have a bulge up in the slow of a bulge in front and just speak a penny to nothing here.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible Remark (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)Music (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughing) (indistinct chatter) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So we do want to sign it so we can see the team wants to be up to present it very soon. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long. We've been working with it for so long.MUSIC Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (audience laughs)MUSIC (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) - So many things in the 80s don't really seem to be happening. (speaking in a foreign language) I can't help but find the money which is my necklace. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) for space and take out all the money that starts with the end-time build-up, so that you can be very smart and be very careful. Interest, president, civil skier, we really go ahead and we'll try and get some more to take it. We'll try to take that one of our best facilities, we'll be able to do some of that, and for action, try to share this balance. So, I'm going to go in and shake this, come forward and follow that for fun. See you in the next video. We hope you have played a good game to be able to play the game with 30/36, and it is an up-and-up reductive of victory on our board team. I tell you, it's a very exciting game, but it's also very similar to the one in the Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic-Dic Thanks for watching.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and we'll soon put it in the office for a short break to the bed. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So it will be very easy, but it won't be the best thing that I've ever done. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds MusicMusicMusic (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)Music And the fact that it's them and the sign who ask is that they're also being in some ways and starting to be in different ways. They don't work, they don't really work, they don't really work, they're using the tools they're going to have to take. This is our breaker and seeing all the steam and things get wild. (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Silence Thank you. So, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I Silence Silence Silence There are cats and they just say that they're gonna start. Pretty women out walking. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC MusicMusic Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) ♪ That means no, it's not a sprain for diamonds ♪ ♪ Where the roads are down ♪ ♪ Everything here I'll always have to fly ♪ ♪ Deeply within the stars ♪MUSICMusic Background Sounds Music Music Music Music MusicMusicMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Background noise (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMUSIC Music Background SoundsMusic Background Soundsinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible on the base where it's going to be out, it feels it's going to stay in the session. It's going to stay in the session, it's going to stay in the session, it's going to stay in the session. It's going to stay in the session. Thank you very much. Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusicMusic InaudibleMusicMUSIC for a bachelor's degree in English. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) subjectism, he'll be doing that back to the show. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMUSICinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background noiseMusic Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) back. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible InaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Background SoundsMusicMusic Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you, everyone.inaudible Inaudible Remark And the approach to knowledge that you feel they are going to have a mid-etch setting you're going to be able to hear like crazy and to say that that's the plan for the perspective. Oh, it's a really good plan. But if you don't really feel it's a mistake, you're going to need it. Don't get into falsehood, you're going to need it, and you're going to need it all the way up until you can see what we're going to do today. You're going to sort of come out of your opening from doing what you think is in the first place. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark I mean, it's not what I'm just going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. It's not what I'm going to do. (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark MusicINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMUSIC MusicMusic Music MusicMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence I buzzed out in the dentist. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Music Background Sounds Music Music Music Background Sounds Background SoundsinaudibleMusicMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic So we think in the 80's, 2000's, that almost all of it's globalized, no spirits, but everyone's every 3,000, I heard from the Lord. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleINAUDIBLE (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSIC Music Music Music Music MusicMUSICMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPause Music Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicMusicMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark And we seem to defend against the man and his family and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human and the human andMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, the maybe is that it's Inaudible Remarkinaudible And the governments, we think we're all over the grid, so it's been a lot of fun to see all the things that are going to happen. I would be here being with us on Thursday, November 8th, because it's been a long time. I can't believe it's been so many so many times. I can't believe it's been so many times. I can't believe it's been so many times. I can't believe it's been so many times. I can't believe it's been so many times. I can't believe it's been so many times. I can't believe it's been so many times. I can't believe it's been so many times. I can't believe it's been so many times. I can't believe it's been so many times. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Supermetic to your meditative routines, where all the movements go up to that. We saw that it is ringing since it is ringing for a round 5 and 7 for a round 7. It has been shared a second that failed by the time it's come for all of this, and the dance of it has been in progress from all of the sudden mistakes. This way, it's an ancient, ancient, ancient movement. For us it will be in the same movement. It will be being able to get in both movements until the first end of time. to help voters since beginning of the last eight out of ten years, which he got you on to be eligible to help other activities in the need of this next year. So I'm going to tell you that for a week, I've put on that back to those who have been good to this group yet. So I will be on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm on Facebook, so I'm (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Hey, when is the day to leave the house of one of the most important ideas of one of the first-class state-of-the-art key to doing the four-year-old regular state-of-the-art system? I mean, in those more people are talking about the event of a swim, and it's really interesting when it's young people are closer. From just a minute, you can still move from that to the ground, and there's a way to decide what the film is going to be. I'm glad we've come up with a series of things that we can now avoid with these things. We've been working on that, so I'm still looking forward to it, so I'm going to get to show what I'm getting to do with all these things here. It's something that's after 18 years of birth, but it's a tool that I can train, I send it to some local divers, and it's going to be very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, veryinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusicMusicMusic Background SoundsMusicMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMUSIC Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And I feel like I should present what we're going to see in the future. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicinaudible Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. Inaudible InaudiblePausePausePause to be able to do all of the internet and stuff, so that's it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Background Sounds (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)Music Silence SilencePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) This is the 80's, the 80's, with that's the end of the theme of the theme of the theme of the song.MusicMusic Musicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Background Sounds Inaudible Music Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds InaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)inaudibleMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language)MusicMUSICinaudible Inaudible Remark (indistinct chatter)MUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSICINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to see it and then to see it out there, so that you can get a little bit of space.inaudibleMusicMusic Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Music Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, I'm not going to have to look into the case to be concerned with, you know, to be all Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music Inaudible (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMUSICMUSIC Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusicMusic Inaudible Remark InaudibleinaudibleMusic Background Sounds Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible and then I went to some music and I'm thinking I'm going to lie. 20 million votes and we don't need to set the plastic, and in the light of time, we would figure out what we set the left in the field. Then there are people, really really really cool. The luxury is a lot of them, they're such a scapegoat. They're even 20, what they're doing, and they want to cut their own fat, too much to do. They're young, cram out, and they'll do your stuff, and we want to be sick, but they're not sick. I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip, and I hope that's a thickly tip.INAUDIBLEMUSIC MusicMUSICMUSIC Music Background SoundsMusic MusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (indistinct chatter)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsinaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Silence Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark Thank you so much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very muchINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (indistinct) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSICMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and it's the crossover, so that she has different things, and all of those things, in fact, we want to make a way and step on the next path. We might work on a specific country, but if that is not all, we will take the road through the street and take the road up here. We will take the road up here. But we should come here and start over here. That's the truth. To that, it's time for you to leave. (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark Music Thank you very much. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh, check it out. Hey, can you tell me what the nation is all about? Shall I go and see it?MUSIC It's a kind of a way to support the movement for the control of the way. It's a way to support the movement of the switching. It's a way to support the switching. It's a way to support the switching. It's a way to support the switching. It's a way to support the switching. It's a way to support the switching. It's a way to support the switching. It's a way to support the switching. It's a way to support the switching. It's a way to support the switching. It's a way to support the switching. It's a way to support the switching. Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudible Inaudible Remark Music I'll be pretty dead, tell you what I'm doing. I'm afraid I'm too busy to meet you. I'll be fine, I'll be fine. I'll be fine, I'll be fine. I'll be fine, I'll be fine. I'll be fine, I'll be fine. I'll be fine, I'll be fine. I'll be fine, I'll be fine. I'll be fine, I'll be fine. I'll be fine, I'll be fine. I'll be fine, I'll be fine. I'll be fine.MusicMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible So make the same thing so you're...inaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) to look for the following, and to be intensive on being on the front of the gasio. From left to right, so I hope that from there to the counter to here, so that it's still around to be more toast on the front, and I'm not saying all this is in 16th grade. I'm not going to say that in 16th grade. I'm not going to say that in 16th grade. I'm not going to say that in 16th grade. I'm not going to say that in 16th grade. I'm not going to say that in 16th grade. I'm not going to say that in 16th grade. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSICINAUDIBLE Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Soundsno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (indistinct)MusicMusicMUSIC Cheers. Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So, you know, the MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MSU, MusicMusicMUSICinaudibleMUSICMUSICinaudible MusicMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music And here, the door is on the other side of the house. Follow the bridge, follow the door. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos. Follow the bridge, follow the shampoos.MUSICMUSIC Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remarkinaudible Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICinaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMUSICMUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible Remark Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMusicMusic Inaudible Remark (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic)INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background SoundsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark the end of the roughs and the valleys. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible There's something else hidden, mouse and balls. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I see that she's not too bad now, we're gonna make you practice. You're gonna be a cop. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language)inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Background Sounds So I'm going to take this for long details, we'll see how we get done, we're going to do it in a second. This is a practice, we're going to do a lot more, we're going to do it in a few seconds. You know, this is a practice, a practice, a translation. Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark One, two, three, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to begin with the role of... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background SoundsBellBellBellBellBellBellBellBellBellBELL RINGINGBellBellBellBellBellBellBellBellBellINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMUSICMusic Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Music Music Music MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) If you don't feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you'll feel the same, you Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusic and it is best to make it until you know what I mean. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll go take a few more, but I'll take a few more. So long.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible And you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just like, you know Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Silence >> Yeah. Silence Pause Pause Pause Inaudible Remarkinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudibleinaudible Background noiseINAUDIBLEMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) New jumper. New jumper.Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) They don't need to explode that, they don't need to be able to sense you and she's going to pass the chain check on you, but you'll be able to always talk with all of you.inaudibleINAUDIBLE MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark MusicMusic Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible Remark with what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the least, what's the Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleinaudibleMusicMusic But with the help of the Act and the Chicago Law, we found that the residential part of the clean fence area has been changed. We can't have all the living things in the city of Shenzhen, so we're having a long time and we'll go down to the last station of the S&D, basically. But the important part is that we should go out and get in the city of Shenzhen. So it's not scary, we have 4,5% to 8% of the city is not allowed.inaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and there's two different things you can do to make sure that you have a bottle of shellfish, most of them are off the... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Background Soundsinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I have to listen to it, my hands are hot, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listen to it, I have to listenMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMUSIC Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MUSICMUSIC Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSICMusic Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) We're going to let you know when we're going to begin to win the EDS and that's going to be a question for you and if you have any questions, please let us know in the comments, and if you want to win, please let us know in the comments. and kids, and governments, and so on. What you could say, Ben? Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) InaudibleMusic Music Music Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Pause Inaudible Remark MusicMusicMUSICMusic Inaudible Remark Background noise Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) that is so eager to be in the event that we try to open. I don't want to spread nearly to death, it's about two years ago, so we've had time for a lot of students. I've been doing a lot of things in the whole system, and I've been getting to know each other for so much. I've been doing that in the gym for two or a half years, and I've been getting to know each other for so many years. I've been doing that for a couple of years, and I've been doing that for so many years, and I've been doing that for so many years. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughing)INAUDIBLE I know that I have been singing musical for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for a long time, and I know that I have been on the show for I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't see you, I can't (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) and then we will have some issues that are safe in the situation. The media is now in the standing to let the air out before the personnel in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. The air is now in the air for a short time. and I'm going to show you the International Self-Storming Delta. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) by disfiguring the regulatory and the disdessence within the investment in their heavy So that is the year in the oldest environment we've been able to sample those our community as a hospitality, as well as our community. So for the behind the particular moment, this part of the event is to do what we're going to stop, so we're going to be able to follow them into the arts, use what we're going to do to raise our top standards. We're going to see how many of us are going to be able to start. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and to endorse the ADV Investigation Security Movement. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Inaudible Remark (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusicMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Music Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE So I'm going to say it's just a birthday to 15, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18 (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible A great book of art, a lunch, what do you think you need to know about this video? Can I add a few more notes to your heart? Do you think I'll add the micro-fixum of the role of an art book? Really? It's a sentence where I'll use one chandelier to use the opineum. Yeah, my micro-handle will be there in a few minutes, and I'll show it well, and share hope. Thank you, it's me. Open your mouth and feel your voice. Open your mouth and feel your voice. Make a street by partner and change. Take your paper and violin in. If you don't need things to add to me. If you talk to them. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)Musicinaudible (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background SoundsMUSIC (laughing)MusicMUSIC (laughing)Music (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering)MUSIC (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMUSICinaudible MusicMUSIC Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remarkinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to get into this and see if I can do it just so you can see it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) In France, so the incident in Fartier, the group thinks of a way to get to know each other, to learn how to get to know each other. The group is about 10 minutes, so they let each other out, and then they get to know each other, and they really want to get to know each other, so they can get to know each other, and they can get to know each other, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Background SoundsMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible and you need to look at the first factor. (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible RemarkMusic MusicMUSICMUSICMUSIC Music Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So super cool, is that it? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Background Sounds Pause Pause Background noise I'm going to say that it's all I'm doing. That's what I'm going to say. It's all right. I'm going to say that. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Silence Inaudible Remark This is some of the best job in working for the bench group. In the middle of the story, the doctor, the lawyer, Mr. Thoreau, the staff member, and again, we couldn't speak to him from all of them. But I'll take care of that.INAUDIBLE Inaudible Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic InaudibleMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Thanks for your time, and thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. (indistinct) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And what he is to say, how far can end, swear in the east, how he did not fall on the ground so he can be sad that he did not enter the building, and how he said, "Do you know what that is?" And how he did, he said, "Do you know what that is?" And how he did, he said, "Do you know what that is?" And how he did not enter the building, and how he said, "Do you know what that is?" Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedMusicMusicMusicMUSIC (indistinct chatter)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMusic MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds And did you really think it's a great touch of any of these? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The artistic field, on depth, more than the other areas, only to the future and to the earth, and for the earth and planet. Do you, that's all, you know what I'm supposed to be? Oh, yes, yes, you need your life as an artist, you spend every year, and you spend your whole life with your own people. How much do you spend on your life? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I have to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that I've got to make some of the things that (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusicPause The number of crates to be any same as I've said in the ageing story. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Does this number 2 and does it even have a thing in it like 88 when does cry in the capital? We may not sing, but it does move us. It does move into it, but it moves. We really keep out of it when all of you are not in the area yet. We're in Toronto, but we recently came to an outpost of the dust in my trade zone. I'm not sure what it is for me. We're in the dust cry. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMUSIC Silence Silence Silence Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMusicMUSIC (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)MUSIC (indistinct chatter) Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible InaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) ♪ So many that may not buy fish ♪ ♪ They may not buy fish ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪ ♪ One for the gay ♪MUSIC MusicMUSICMusic MusicMusicMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Musicinaudible MusicMUSIC MusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible InaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusicMUSICMUSIC Background SoundsMusicMusic MusicMusicMusic MusicMusicMUSIC Music Thank you. If you want to be in the checks in the hall of the 18th of May, then you must have to take your clients out of the window so that you don't see it and for the minute you must be out of the list. So, in young hoods, seats and weights, that need to pass away if you have some loose hall (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Some machine and warrior is the one side of the head. Even better than me in the... The 80s went from the people that we were impersonal, and I let it all to the piece of the nearly three-board spade on the door of Elvis, 'cause they were with I'd based on the nature to what we understand. Yeah, and so it stopped, and that's what that's is it. We're going to be the very most homies in the films to the 80s. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music MusicMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSICMusic Inaudible Remark (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)Music Musicsilencesilence Music MusicMusic Music MusicMusic Background SoundsMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds by golden hits, by the face of his 70s. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) that's a baby for a kid from the bus, so it's a whole sport for all the family, also for the sick. I don't tell the parents that it's not going to happen to them in the gym or the stuff, and it's a fact that when they're switching, they're not going to need such a day that they're doing it just about. So, you can actually tell that they're going to go through it, and they're going to be following it, so they're just going to go through it, and they're going to have to go through it, and they're going to stand, stand, stand, stand, stand.inaudible in Greenland, and we leave the roots of the Pacific and the Dalsen Black Fests. On to the next day, we're pursuing the Blue Sacker in the Blue Sackers. It's a huge amount of the land. It's also one of the farms. We're going to have to get rid of all the groups. We're going to have to leave the TF now. We're going to have to stay in the Dermeteria. We're going to be seeing more of the old Dermeteria. We're going to see if there is some access to the Dermeteria.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMusic Music Background Sounds Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)inaudibleMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMUSICMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSICMUSICMusic MusicMUSICMusicMusic Musicinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMUSIC Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudible I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something, I do something I want to know whether they have been formed for and they're not going to get any altitude. Soaps at the edges of all kinds blend me there on the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of the edges of And he had a lot of clippings in the jawline, so that he could see from the front and the back of his chest. The kersen were from the evening, and the whimmers of the flight both out he got, that is the winner of the evening. So I was trying to get him in the grand 1st of the year. Then I got to see the second program, one day before my head. So I got to see the dance from the front. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Remark Music Music MusicMusic MusicMusicMusic (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking in foreign language) MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) in the real world, the place to be, I don't know, there was also a certain passion, there was such a rock, I don't know if it's worth it, if it's not enough, I don't want to create an action, it's right, because we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, we start to pop, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four, and one, Inaudible RemarkMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience laughing) MusicMusicMusicMusic Music So still remember what you're going to say, sir. Yeah, you're going to say what you're going to say. Yeah, you're going to say what you're going to say. Yeah, you're going to say what you're going to say. Yeah, you're going to say what you're going to say. Yeah, you're going to say what you're going to say. Yeah, you're going to say what you're going to say. Yeah, you're going to say what you're going to say. Yeah, you're going to say what you're going to say. MusicMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusic MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to do it in the evening after the lunch was ended. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) MusicMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark (audience laughing) - Did it show? - Show? - The A.D. song? MusicMusicMusic Music Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic MusicMUSICMUSICMusic Music Music MusicMusicMusicMUSICMusicMUSIC Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark Music Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) against the young, they told me they would catch me again. They ate these things. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The violence might tell us about the most civil danger that has changed. ♪ The actors for the city of Phoenix ♪ ♪ On the list of flowers ♪ ♪ And the shadows in the field ♪ ♪ But from the city of Phoenix ♪ ♪ The bayonets fall ♪ ♪ And the hands fall ♪ ♪ And the sky falls ♪ ♪ And the lights fall ♪MUSIC Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Music >> It is beautiful, chill, the babies. Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMusicMUSICMUSIC (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible Remark (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic)Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Music Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MusicMusic Music Inaudible Remark Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (laughing)MUSIC (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music MusicMusicMusicMUSIC (chattering) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Music Background SoundsMUSIC Music MusicMusicMusic Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music ♪ You can't see anything ♪ ♪ It's so hot ♪ ♪ Hey, it's hot ♪ ♪ It's so hot ♪ ♪ It's so hot ♪ ♪ It's so hot ♪ ♪ It's so hot ♪ Background Sounds ♪ The chance of being a king ♪ (upbeat music) ♪ The chance of being a king ♪ ♪ The chance of being a king ♪MUSIC MusicMusic Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) Music MusicMusic Music Music Music >> The shell is on the shell of these. Music >> Here's a drink. I'm gonna pick up the piece, and there will never have to be anything It's the install of the one we take it to And you think we'll see what's happening With one cable per wheel It's so cool We'll see that We'll see that It's happening so simpleMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC MusicMusic Music Music Music Say it. Music Music Music Background noiseMusic MusicINAUDIBLE Silence Music MusicMusic Music Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Music Background Sounds SilencePause to be this too easy.MusicMusicMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)inaudibleMUSICMusicMusic Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ And I was so sure that I would not have seen you ♪Music Music Music Music Music Music Musicsilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Music Silence Music Music ♪ I'm so ♪ ♪ You saw it, it's the next to ♪ ♪ Hell, it's she ♪ ♪ Oh, every love, stop me, oh ♪ ♪ It's the end, I just want nothing ♪ ♪ Nothing, nothing ♪ ♪ She's out of the blue ♪ ♪ No, no, no, no, no ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ It's your time ♪Music ♪ And you'll be beautiful for me ♪ ♪ And all I've done to you is so ♪ ♪ You can sit and chill out tonight ♪ ♪ And then what do you do to me? ♪ ♪ It's all free of everything but that ♪ ♪ Just my sense of old self-respect for me ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ MusicMUSIC (upbeat music) MusicMUSICMUSIC ♪ And smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile Music Music Music Music Inaudible RemarkMusic Yeah, I'm so glad. What is it? It's nice. It's nice. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Music Music Background Soundsspeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music In the last few months, the number of people who have been assigned to the police is the most important. I would like to open up the door to the police and I would like to take a step forward. It is about a 19-year-old who has been sentenced to death for 14 days. The police will not allow me to break out of here. MusicMusic MusicMUSIC (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Speaking in GermanSpeaking in GermanSpeaking in GermanSpeaking in GermanSpeaking in GermanSpeaking in GermanSpeaking in GermanSpeaking in GermanSpeaking in German (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic MusicMUSIC ♪ And to be free from what funny is pretty funny ♪ ♪ So happy to be there ♪ (upbeat music) (upbeat music) ♪ So happy to be there ♪MusicMusic Music They just attacks, they can hit the... ♪ We'll be able to make a wish and so many so happy together ♪ ♪ So happy together ♪ ♪ We'll be able to make a wish and so happy together ♪ ♪ We'll have to be surprised ♪MusicMUSICMUSICMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Music Singing Singing Music MusicMusic MusicMusic Music MusicMusic Music MusicMusicMusicMUSICMusic Music ♪ Baby, why don't you say me? ♪ ♪ You'll make me feel better ♪ ♪ And you'll give me a way ♪ ♪ You'll give me a chance and you'll make me feel better ♪ ♪ You'll make me feel better ♪MusicMusicMUSICMusicMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't explain it to you, I can't Music Music It's so easy.MUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)MUSIC Background Sounds MusicMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC Background SoundsMusic Music ♪ See, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but I'm aware, but Background Sounds MusicMUSICMusic Music Music Music Music SingingMusic Music MusicMusic Music Background Sounds MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Music It's a chill chill, three times great music.Music ♪ The children's in a bad sense. ♪ ♪ The children's in a bad sense. ♪ ♪ The children's in a bad sense. ♪ ♪ The children's in a bad sense. ♪ ♪ The children's in a bad sense. ♪ ♪ The children's in a bad sense. ♪ ♪ The children's in a bad sense. ♪ ♪ The children's in a bad sense. ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music ♪ And I do gonna talk so you can talk about how to handle it ♪ ♪ You know this often times, ♪ but you may think that it's right in my sense ♪ ♪ Tonight's innocent ♪MUSIC Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMusic ♪ That's the worst time you've been here. ♪ ♪ No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, ♪ That's the worst time you've been here. ♪ ♪ Don't be in such a short ♪ ♪ Show me the time I've had ♪ ♪ And I can't wait for you in the fifth week ♪ ♪ In the fifth week ♪ ♪ Don't be in such a short time ♪ ♪ Don't mind it instead ♪ ♪ Take it all in and have it sit down ♪ ♪ Just so much I think you can ♪ ♪ Watch you smile, watch me ♪ ♪ Make me feel it there ♪ ♪ What you can stand to sit ♪ ♪ You can feel it there ♪ ♪ We miss seeing you sit there ♪ ♪ We'll sit there and play ♪MUSICMUSIC (indistinct chatter)Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Music >> Yes, Joe P.C. Music SingingMusic Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Music Music ♪ We know that it's barred to be a village in such a dark way ♪ ♪ We're living here, we're living here ♪ ♪ We're living here, we're living here, we're living here ♪ ♪ We're living on the adventures of normal knowledge ♪ ♪ We're living on the adventures of normal knowledge ♪ ♪ We're living here, we're living here ♪ MusicMusic Music Music Singing in foreign languageINAUDIBLEinaudible ♪ There's a heart in the heart, she ain't mine ♪ ♪ You want to see, she ain't mine ♪ ♪ I can't remember, she ain't ♪ ♪ I can't remember, she ain't mine ♪ ♪ I can't remember, she ain't mine ♪ ♪ I can't, she ain't mine ♪ MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music It is show.MusicSpeaking in foreign language For this also I believe the question that the Dalpare in Exhibition out to sport, that out to some individual, are about to go to the party soon to serve. But in the end, it's the blooms for the 2017 TIP, which at the end of the day is to move on to the most start-up until the end of the three-day warm-ups. I thought that the Spenel in the mid-severing, in the pitch, in the barricade, in five sets, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) This show, chillin' piece of it.Music Music Music MusicMusic Music MusicMusicMusic Music Background noise Music Background noiseMusicMUSICMUSICMusic Music Music Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic It's Chelsea.Music Music Silence SilenceMUSICMUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Nothing but a thought for you ♪ ♪ When you come to see me ♪ ♪ You're the only one ♪ ♪ You're the only one ♪ ♪ You're the only one ♪ ♪ You're the only one ♪ ♪ You're the only one ♪ ♪ You're the only one ♪ ♪ You're the only one ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) ♪ When you want to tell me how it works ♪ ♪ When that's you, you'll become a man ♪ ♪ When you put your love in my heart ♪ ♪ For I'll see you with my soul ♪ ♪ That's the thing I'm stuck in ♪ ♪ In the flames ♪ ♪ You say no ♪ Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ The same night ♪ We shall do it, all shall we do it.Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music MusicMusic ♪ If you're not even so happy for me ♪ ♪ I think I'll show you my sunset ♪ ♪ And if that's it ♪ ♪ I'll show you my sunset ♪ ♪ And if that's it ♪ ♪ I think I'll show you my sunset ♪ ♪ And if that's it ♪MusicMusic Background Sounds Music Music Background Sounds Music Music Music MusicMusicMusic Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music MusicMusicMusic Music Music ♪ E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, E, MusicMusicMusicMusic Music (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background SoundsMusicMusic Music MusicMUSICMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) Music Music Music MusicMusic Music MusicMusic Music Music Music MusicMusic MusicMUSIC Music ♪ And if you don't judge the time ♪ ♪ And if you don't judge the time ♪ ♪ And if you don't judge the time ♪ ♪ And if you don't judge the time ♪ ♪ And if you don't judge the time ♪ ♪ And if you don't judge the time ♪ ♪ I'm a boundless ♪ ♪ In the fastest chambers ♪ ♪ In the gand ♪ ♪ Of a feast ♪ ♪ In the stale of the faith ♪ ♪ Be the highest adventure for me ♪ ♪ In the least, in the most beautiful ♪ ♪ In the most beautiful ♪ ♪ In the most beautiful ♪ Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music MusicMusic ♪ Maybe speak about me ♪ ♪ Who's coming to me ♪ ♪ Who's coming to me ♪ ♪ Who's coming to me ♪ ♪ Who's coming to me ♪ ♪ Who's coming to me ♪ ♪ Who's coming to me ♪ ♪ Who's coming to me ♪ ♪ Who's coming to me ♪ ♪ Who's coming to me ♪ ♪ Who's coming to me ♪MUSICinaudibleMusicMusicMusic (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorryMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music MusicMusic MusicMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSIC MusicMusicMusic Background Sounds Music Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSIC MusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusic I said, I never see that she like me now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, nowMusic ♪ Don't be at the stage ♪ ♪ She's ♪ ♪ She's ♪ ♪ She's ♪ ♪ She's ♪ ♪ She's ♪ ♪ She's laughing at me ♪ ♪ She's ♪MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMusicMUSIC (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (audience laughing)Music MusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Good times, great music. ♪ She's the show. ♪ (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) ♪ I should've seen it come down your all about this day ♪ ♪ If you should've seen me dance on your own ♪ ♪ So you should've listened to me singin' down ♪ ♪ You were here to go and pray to the high of me ♪ ♪ You were here to fuck up and down to the high of me ♪ ♪ You were here to be ♪ ♪ You were here to listen to me singin' down ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music ♪ I've got a bit of a bit of time ♪ ♪ I've been using it in my life ♪ ♪ And just let it out of me ♪ ♪ I can't even think of anything ♪ ♪ So I'm not thinking of anything ♪ ♪ I've been using it in my life ♪ ♪ I've been using it in my life ♪ ♪ I've been using it in my life ♪ ♪ I've been using it in my life ♪ We need to get some useful things in there in the shared energy, in the end, and so, if I walk right in here, I'll try to get there, and I'll try to get some useful things in there, and I'll try to get there, and I'll try to get there, and I'll try to get there. Music Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Music Singing in foreign language Music Music Music MusicMusic Music Music MusicMusicMusic Music MusicMusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusicMusicMusic Music Background Sounds MusicMusicMusic Music Music Music Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence ♪ I'm so sorry ♪ ♪ I want to hurt you ♪ ♪ I'm so feeling ♪ ♪ It's one so long ♪ ♪ We need you ♪ ♪ We need you ♪ ♪ I don't know ♪ ♪ I need you to tell me ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Music Music Background Sounds MusicMUSICMUSICMusic MusicMusic Music MusicMusicMusicMusic ♪ I want to be the hand-wrestling ♪ ♪ She ought to be the world's skirt top ♪ ♪ If she used to be the world's skirt top ♪ ♪ If she used to be the world's skirt top ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic MusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music ♪ To relate to the sense of the truth ♪ ♪ Confident in the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth and the truth ♪ To relate to the sense of the truth ♪ ♪ To relate to the sense of the truth ♪ Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMusic Good times, my kids. Take this, yo.MusicMusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic Music MusicMusic Music Music MusicMusicMusic MusicMusicMusic Music MusicMusic Music Music MusicMusicMusic MusicMusicMusicMUSIC Music Music Background Sounds Music Music MusicMusic MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Music (indistinct chatter) Music Music MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC MusicMusic MusicMusic MusicMusicMUSIC (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic)inaudibleMusicMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MUSIC Background Sounds MusicMusic MusicMusic Music Music Thank you. Music. Music. Music. Music. Music. Music. Music. Music. Music. Music. Music. Music Singing in foreign language Singing in foreign language (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ In old sunshine when she's gone ♪ If not one, when she'll be away, and on sunny side of the tickle, and she'll always go to the door, and she goes away,MUSIC ♪ And once you've gone ♪ ♪ You're under the sea of gold and spade ♪ ♪ In the sunset you've gone ♪ ♪ And it has to be no gold and she got that ♪ ♪ She goes away to me for the rest of her life ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music Music ♪ You're dead, dead, dead ♪ ♪ She's the only one who's gonna go ♪ ♪ You're the only one who's gonna go ♪ ♪ You're the only one who's gonna go ♪ ♪ You're the only one who's gonna go ♪ ♪ You're the only one who's gonna go ♪ ♪ You're the only one who's gonna go ♪ ♪ You're the only one who's gonna go ♪ ♪ You're the only one who's gonna go ♪ ♪ You're the only one who's gonna go ♪ ♪ You're the only one who's gonna go ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (laughing) (singing in foreign language) MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic ♪ And I'm gonna be stomping ♪ ♪ You're the ones, you're the ones ♪ ♪ You're the ones, you're the ones ♪Music Music Music Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicMusic MusicMusic ♪ To the day of time to be with them ♪ ♪ Let them run to see ♪ ♪ But they should somehow be left with what's left of it ♪ ♪ They're gonna be there ♪ ♪ But they'll be on thought ♪ ♪ To see where that's left of ♪ ♪ To see where they're gonna run to ♪ ♪ To see where they're gonna run to ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MUSIC Music Music Music Music MusicMUSIC ♪ I'm the daughter of the Lord, sing with me then ♪ ♪ When you're with me, sing with me, sing with me ♪ ♪ If you're with me, then I'll be with you now ♪ ♪ I'll be with you now, sing with me, sing with me ♪ ♪ If you're with me, then I'll sing with you now ♪ ♪ For heaven it says, I'll be with you now ♪ ♪ And to be with you, to be with me, to be with you ♪ ♪ When I feel it's you, to be with me, to be with you ♪ ♪ To be with you, to be with you, to be with you ♪ ♪ To be with you, to be with you ♪ ♪ To be with you, to be with you ♪ ♪ To be with you, to be with you ♪ ♪ To be with you, to be with you ♪ Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music MusicMusicMUSICMUSIC Silence MusicMUSIC Pause Pause Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. ♪ To do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Some of us don't want to say that you can only tell me where I am ♪ ♪ I'm here wondering if you need me ♪ ♪ Do you need me to tell me where I am ♪ ♪ I need you to tell me where I am ♪ ♪ Do you need me ♪ MusicMUSICMUSICMusicMUSIC ♪ On to the day of the day ♪ ♪ The day of the day of the day ♪ ♪ On to the day of the day ♪ ♪ The day of the day of the day ♪ ♪ The day of the day ♪ ♪ The day of the day ♪ ♪ The day of the day ♪ ♪ The day of the day ♪ ♪ The day of the day ♪ ♪ The day of the day ♪ ♪ The day of the day ♪ Music Music Music MusicMusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMUSIC (indistinct chatter) Music Music Music It's you, it's you. It's nice to make a new session. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ She heard them drinkin' a little ♪ ♪ In a vocal soul we were taunting ♪ ♪ Like that said, he been doin' so much ♪ ♪ Let him drink a little ♪ ♪ But there he told me ♪ ♪ That you're not born to be ♪ ♪ He's thinking of taunts as let to drink ♪ (upbeat music) I don't mean to have that truth, I'm dead in the ocean. So I saw it right beside the surface of the ocean. So it said, "No, no, no, no. Just go away, see into the ocean." When the ocean's up in the lounge, then finally, it's all about the fact that it is all about the ocean.MUSICMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter)MusicMusic ♪ Sponsored 7, 7, 7, 7, 8 ♪ ♪ Sponsored 7, 7, 8 ♪ ♪ Sponsored 7, 7, 7, 8 ♪ ♪ Sponsored 7, 7, 8 ♪MUSIC Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music Music Music Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. This is the two most basic. This is the two most basic. This is the two most basic. This is the two most basic. Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Music Music MusicinaudibleMusic MusicMusicMusic MusicMusicMusic Music Music Music ♪ And that's the thing that before I was seen ♪ ♪ What's the best ♪ ♪ What's the best ♪ ♪ What better than that with it ♪ Music Music Music ♪ Do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know, do you Background Sounds Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music >> In times, treat me the shit I show. MusicMusicMusic Background SoundsMusic Background Sounds Thank you very much. Music Music MusicMusicMusicMUSICMusic Music Music ♪ That's your makeup ♪ Music MusicMusic Music Music Music MusicMusicMUSICMusic Music MusicMusicMusic MusicMusicMusic Music Background Sounds Music Background SoundsMusicMusic MusicMusic It sounds great music to you. MusicMusicMUSICMusicMusicMUSIC Music Background SoundsMUSICMusic Music Music Music ♪ We fight in the fight of the sky ♪ ♪ We fight in the storm ♪ ♪ We fight in the storm ♪ ♪ We fight in the storm ♪ Music Music Music Yes, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, I'm a man for you, Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music MusicMUSIC ♪ For your small amount, you're for me and if you're chickened me out ♪ ♪ The diamond is made of new gold, she's a beautiful girl ♪ ♪ She's a beautiful girl, she's a story of the need for mine ♪ ♪ The young's from the street of the region ♪ Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ It's a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMUSICMUSICMUSICMusic ♪ And now she's in the sea ♪ ♪ She's taking this over ♪ ♪ And she's not trying to give me the sign ♪ ♪ It's been a time, it's been a time ♪ ♪ As it moves, it's been a good day ♪ ♪ It's been a time ♪ ♪ As it moves ♪ MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Music ♪ When we don't listen, it still depends on the time ♪ ♪ I'll sit on the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, you know the bed, ♪ When we don't listen, it still depends on the time ♪ ♪ When we don't listen, it still depends on the time ♪ Music Music Music MusicMUSICMUSIC ♪ Everybody looks there ♪ ♪ I just like to be with you ♪ ♪ I just like to be with you ♪ ♪ Everybody looks there ♪ ♪ I just like to be with you ♪ ♪ Everybody looks there ♪ Music Music MusicMusicMusic Music >> Good times tonight, ladies and gentlemen, they did well. MusicMusic Music MusicMusic Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (crying) Music Music Music Music Background Sounds ♪ Oh, my God, oh, bitch, what? ♪ ♪ Say, gee, guys, help me, hey, did they? ♪ ♪ Here's the thing, help me not to push ♪ ♪ It's a mess, oh, turns back ♪ ♪ And the night, looks, oh, ♪MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusicMusicMusic MusicMusic MusicMusic Music MusicMusic Background Sounds Music Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC MusicMusic MusicMUSICMusicMusicMUSICMusic I can't be what you feel, so I'll be just a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) We'll see it, we'll see it, we'll see it. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMUSIC Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ I'm in a dream ♪MusicMusicMusic Music MusicMusic ♪ Say bye ♪ ♪ And she said ♪ ♪ Say bye ♪ ♪ And she said ♪ ♪ Say bye ♪ ♪ And she said ♪ ♪ Say bye ♪ Music Background Sounds MusicMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Silence SilenceMusic Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Music Background Sounds ♪ Can you please, can you please ♪ ♪ Do you think you can ♪ ♪ Please, come on, come on ♪ ♪ Can you please, can you please ♪ ♪ Please, come on ♪ ♪ Can you please, come on ♪ Music Background Sounds (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MUSIC Music What do you tell me to do for the world? We can go on together with some space to come. We can go on together with some space to come. (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Background Sounds Music Music Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Pause Pause Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Music Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence MusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICinaudible Inaudible Remark Music MusicMusicMUSICMUSIC Background Sounds MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Background SoundsMusic Music (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music MusicMusic Music Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Music Music ♪ I'm not a little ship-backed ♪ ♪ Freak ♪ ♪ And every concern ♪ ♪ That's the reason we can't bear ♪ ♪ That we can stop in my heart ♪ ♪ Reaching the fever ♪ ♪ To bring me out of the cup ♪MUSICMUSIC Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMUSICMUSIC Music Music MusicMUSIC Music Background Sounds Music Music (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) Music Music Music Music Background SoundsMusic Show more show. Good times, great music. Music Music MusicMUSICMUSIC Music MusicMusicMUSIC Music Music and second jaw. MusicMusicMusic Music ♪ That's just business and money ♪ ♪ And that's what we don't need ♪ ♪ Nothing but things that we can't think of ♪ ♪ And that's what we don't need ♪ ♪ And that's what we don't need ♪ ♪ And that's what we don't need ♪Music Music Background Sounds Music ♪ That image in circles ♪ ♪ Meeting people at the everyday ♪ ♪ That's no one that you talk to ♪ ♪ Is there any notes what they're not saying? ♪ (footsteps) (footsteps)MusicMusic ♪ In the lip ♪ ♪ The key is the lip ♪ ♪ And the lip is the lip ♪ ♪ And the lip is the lip ♪ ♪ And the lip is the lip ♪ ♪ The ship is the lip ♪MusicMusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMUSIC Music (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic MusicMusic ♪ Oh, it's all the truth ♪ ♪ It's all the truth ♪ ♪ It's all the truth ♪ ♪ It's all the truth ♪MUSIC MusicMusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ So if there's nothing to do with me ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Music What if it is your show? It's a mix of eight years' action.MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Thank you. Thank you. MusicMusic ♪ And I'll be there to set up the same ♪ ♪ And when I finish, I'll be there to walk ♪ ♪ And it's just here and there and there ♪ ♪ And it's my last heart, my son and I ♪ ♪ And I'll see you again and I'll just see you again ♪MUSICsinging in foreign language ♪ On the front of the tomb, straight ahead ♪ ♪ Now, baby, get in the scene ♪ ♪ The shifter is on the front of my head ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ On the front of the tomb, straight ahead ♪ ♪ The best song in the life you have ever heard ♪ ♪ In the house, never close, never get to take me ♪ ♪ Let's go, I'm ready ♪ ♪ But, oh, yeah, the first we let it sound up so ♪ ♪ In my eyes, it was just something new ♪MUSICMUSICMUSIC ♪ I'm in the sun, you know what I'm gonna do ♪ ♪ Staying in the hands, man, but the baby takes me away ♪ ♪ But she's dancing with the black man ♪ ♪ All of you, so I'm gonna sing ♪ ♪ I'll be the kind of baby who will sing that beautiful song ♪ ♪ Beautiful girl ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Oh, shippin' ♪ ♪ You're gonna be a part of this dance ♪ ♪ When we head to the streets ♪ ♪ Take your love and hearty ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm really well, I'm so much in love today ♪ ♪ For the days I should've done ♪ ♪ With our own cement ♪ ♪ To all the things I should've done ♪ ♪ And sometimes treat me this show ♪ ♪ And I want to give you my lips ♪ ♪ And I want to give you my lips ♪ MusicMUSIC Music MusicMUSICMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMUSICMusicMusicMusic Music Silence >> Good times, great music. It's a great music. Is Joe?Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic MusicMusic ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Music Background Sounds Music Music Inaudible RemarkMusic ♪ I'll tie you to the fingers of your wrist ♪ ♪ To the lips of your lips and twilight ♪ ♪ To the lips of your lips and twilight ♪ ♪ To the lips of your lips and twilight ♪ ♪ To the lips of your lips and twilight ♪ ♪ To the lips of your lips and twilight ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music ♪ And don't let the teacher plan what we have ♪ ♪ And I'll be for the free time ♪ ♪ And I'll be for the free time and show me ♪ ♪ And I'll be for the free time and show me ♪ ♪ And I'll be for the free time ♪MUSIC Music Music Music Music Bye-bye.MUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMUSICINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Soundsno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedMUSIC Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ One, two, three, four, four, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, ♪ And there again ♪ ♪ And there's the beauty in the plants ♪ ♪ And there's the beauty in the plants ♪ ♪ And there's the beauty in the plants ♪ ♪ And there's the beauty in the plants ♪Music Music Music ♪ And let's stay with blood, I ain't never been with you. ♪ ♪ I'm in the spring to last a year. ♪ ♪ And give me that gift of freedom. ♪ ♪ I never fail to just be with you. ♪ ♪ That must have been for you. ♪ ♪ And I'm just running out of time. ♪Music MusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music >> It's great music, it's it's show. Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMUSICMusic Music Music Music MusicMUSIC ♪ Everything's agreed by us, new to all that I say I'm on my way ♪ ♪ You and me, you're the one ♪ ♪ You're the one ♪ ♪ You're the one ♪ ♪ You're the one ♪ ♪ You're the one ♪ MusicINAUDIBLE (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter)Music MusicMusicMusic MusicinaudibleMusic MusicMUSIC (indistinct chatter)MusicMusic Music Music Music Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC ♪ I saw the most beautiful city in the city ♪ ♪ I saw the beautiful city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city in the ♪ I saw the most beautiful city in the city ♪ ♪ I saw the most beautiful city in the city ♪MUSICMUSICMUSICMusic MusicMUSICMUSIC (laughing)MusicMusic Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusic Music Music Music MusicMusicMusicMusic ♪ Wait for my wish, for me ♪ ♪ You're not smart enough to get silent ♪ ♪ I'm not giving you ♪ ♪ You're too short to be like a friend ♪Music Music Music Background Sounds Music Music Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music Background Sounds Music ♪ Can't let them all see you, can't let them all see you ♪ ♪ We can't forget you ♪ ♪ I'm so afraid of these days, too ♪ ♪ That's all the other parts of all the things ♪ ♪ That's all the things that you can't let them all see you ♪ MusicMUSIC Music Inaudible Remark Music Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMUSICMUSICMusic ♪ It's getting stronger ♪ ♪ It don't need it to break ♪ ♪ It's been faster, faster, faster ♪ ♪ Just let me take you to the place ♪ ♪ I'm talking to you just ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Just let me take you to the place ♪ MusicMusic MusicMusic ♪ I'm trying to find me to stay with you ♪ ♪ I'm trying to find you to stay with you ♪ ♪ I'm trying to find you to stay with you ♪ ♪ I'm trying to find you to stay with you ♪MUSIC Music Music MusicMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Any day, any day, any day ♪ ♪ I'll hit you in the stand, I gave you the trophy ♪MUSICMUSICMusicMusic Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMusicMusic Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music MusicMUSICMusic Music Music ♪ And I said, "You don't tell me that I'll get off." ♪ ♪ And I said, "You don't tell me that I'll get off." ♪ ♪ And I said, "You don't tell me that I'll get off." ♪ ♪ And I said, "You don't tell me that I'll get off." ♪ ♪ And I said, "You don't tell me that I'll get off." ♪MUSICMusicMusicMUSIC Music MusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language)Music Music Music MusicMusic Background Sounds MusicMusicMusic Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I'm going to show that I'm going to have four stars. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Background Sounds Music Music Background Soundsinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I can ask him to ask him to do a rest if I can stay away from you. I believe that he can stay with you until he's happy. I think it's a great idea to be able to do something like this. All the time we've been doing a lot of things. We've been doing a lot of things. We've been doing a lot of things. We've been doing a lot of things. We've been doing a lot of things. We've been doing a lot of things. We've been doing a lot of things. We've been doing a lot of things. We've been doing a lot of things. We've been doing a lot of things. We've been doing a lot of things, and again he took for me and found over the straight down, and then both of these, he was a little bit glad about me, and then I had to fall down and down with a bunch of thoughts. The first and the rest of the house, and then I came across. Then I came across, and then I was caught, and then he took me up to do a sequel to all of this. So I took you, and then I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, I took three, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience laughs) Inaudible Remark ♪ And those who might say ♪ ♪ And put your own children ♪ ♪ You ain't thought of being in somewhere ♪ ♪ They may be lit soon ♪ ♪ But when you don't want to be in your place ♪ ♪ And put your own children in your place ♪ ♪ And you don't want to be a forceful child ♪ Music Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)inaudibleMusicMusic Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going to have a party, I'm going (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to start to write a little bit of a day for you and I'll use a paper, and then the soundtrack that she built, that was a huge, okay, these things are still there. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. It's a very good thing. Music Inaudible Remark Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) MusicMusic MusicMUSIC Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MusicMusic This, the 80s, not the HGP. I said it okay. I'm going to do a little making like this.MusicMusicMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music MusicMUSICMUSICMUSIC Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds family, the barge you have on your hands and you think all you can answer, the help, the mark, the money, the money, the ring, the money, the energy go up, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you bar barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge in, all of you barge (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughing)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's what they do. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct) Music Music Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Music Music What's the music more than this of the lyrics after that feature? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We're all so glad to have met you. It's a beautiful day. We're all so glad to have met you. We're all so glad to have met you. We're all so glad to have met you. In 1906, you were in a Vicky Brown in the Dipper hall and you were in a Vicky Brown in the Dipper hall and you were in a Vicky Brown in the Dipper hall and you were in a Vicky Brown in the Dipper hall and you were in a Vicky Brown in the Dipper hall and you were in a Vicky Brown in the Dipper hallMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, I think that's what I think. Yeah, I think that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Background Sounds MusicMusic Background Sounds Silence Silence SilenceMusic It's Joe. The 80s and thousands.Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music ♪ I'm a master of music ♪ ♪ So I think it's really true ♪ ♪ It's a real thing ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ You make your eyes in the water ♪ ♪ Just keep your eyes open ♪ ♪ You're my people ♪ ♪ You make me the power of the God ♪ Music Background noise (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) But then there were six, almost two par, and then there were two circles that were in the middle of the second circle, and then there were six in the middle of the second circle, and then there were six in the middle of the second circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third circle, and then there were six in the middle of the third (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, I'll just play the other side. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and for gay saving of the MP of the 30, I have engaged more than something that just follows West. Check me again on the gear for the B.MUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING (upbeat music) Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silenceinaudible Thank you for all the questions. Thank you. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions. Thank you for all the questions.Music MusicMUSICMusic Music Music Music Background SoundsMusic So we don't see anything here. I don't see anything here. I don't see anything here. Okay. We don't see anything here. We don't see anything here. We don't see anything here. We don't see anything here. We don't see anything here. We don't see anything here. We don't see anything here. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music MusicMusicMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music Music Background Sounds Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMUSICMusicMusicMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)speaking in a foreign languagespeaking in a foreign languagespeaking in a foreign languagespeaking in a foreign languagespeaking in a foreign languagespeaking in a foreign languagespeaking in a foreign languagespeaking in a foreign language (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) In the 12 years, I have come to New Year. I have unique and simple. I'm a little bit late. I was here to be.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) That was a bit in fact, I don't know if it's all wrong, but I think we're going to have to go to the end of it. I'd like to say that you had a chill app, and you said you had a great win. We've got a few images that you had in Schindel's or Gyrrster, and they were the blood-gathering of the Sentiagre. They're the blood-gathering of the Sentiagre. We're going to have to go to the end of it. We're going to have to go to the end of it. We're going to have to go to the end of it. I think we're going to have to go to the end of it. I think we're going to have to go to the end of it. I think we're going to have to go to the end of it.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) the video max, each one of the other that starts at school then we'll see you in the end. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible I hope that some students in the U.S. could open the art to tell each other, just be more in order for both so long since the online book is starting to become a bit of a thing in the city part, because of this serious problem. (Speaking in foreign language) and the east side of the road to Fultz, from Langsauk to Volkhoff, to Leucleic, to make up in the southbound, and so on, the city of Lankan, to go to Fultz. The town is at Vinders. So right there, the man to the east side, always through the road, the power says, it will officially crash at the spot. This lady said, "If you don't get in the town, yeah, we will be there, and I'm following the traffic suffrage." And I don't know if you're going to shoot. Please start by hitting the road to the east side, and I'll just talk to you soon, and we'll go through the road to get out of here.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I also think some of the simple things that I actually think are terrible are the bad things. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) But I'll serve you, please, in the paintings, no thazes. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank youMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music Music MusicMusicMUSICMUSIC Music Music Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Music It's a major struggle to save the land. The mountains prove that shine by the sun. The drums in my mouth and sing in my melody.MUSIC Music Music Inaudible Remark Thank you.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC MusicMusic MusicMusicMusic MusicMUSIC Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MUSIC Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And I was three, six, seven, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, nine, eight, It is still thousands. It's a blessing for me, but I won't tell you where I am. People are happy to go to the university. That's what we'll be in the next day. I'm sure that the country will come here. I think it's going to be the best summer for us. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) The most important thing is to show here in a place where I'm locked in an instant. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Inaudible Remark Music MusicMusic MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The people on the Internet are supposed to stand out in their top-downs in the week. They have to have a play tonight, circle in the sand, and in the only for the light in their top-downs, the redactala.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Music ♪ In the end you may not know ♪ ♪ To dance by ♪ ♪ To dance by ♪ ♪ To dance, happy to be ♪ ♪ To be in the field ♪ ♪ Now it's only fair ♪ ♪ To be in the field ♪ ♪ To be in the field ♪ ♪ To dance by ♪ Music Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause to light on your lip, other than this one over my face and parts of your lips, and I'm I can't ask all people to go in and say no more. So, I'm going to be able to see a simple way to go in and open the door. So, I'm feeling a little nervous. But I'm going to have to make an effort, and I think I'm going to be able to introduce you in there. So, I'm going to be able to introduce you to a simple way to go in and open the door. I'm going to be able to introduce you to a simple way to go in and open the door. So, I'm going to be able to introduce you to a simple way to go in and open the door. So, I'm going to be able to introduce you to a simple way to go in and open the door. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (speaking in a foreign language) - You know why I'm getting out of school when all the interviews I got left and June's offense has a great decision. But the morning's whole spend our meal Now we interviewed a long time ago, and we were like, it was all so much fun, we were going to get ready to leave, and we had an interview that said to share, "You have to trust us to get on the boat." And we were like, "Yeah, this is your home, the dream is to also be so worth that, I think it's a very nice thing." (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to be a different story that we would have shown snow at the end of the year.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMUSICinaudibleMusicMUSICMUSICMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMUSICMusicMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible Remark (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Inaudible Remark I'll just play it from the heart and to the ground. But I'm from there, I'm fed in. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm Jesus. I'm so down there, and I'm fed in. I'm fed in. I'm so down there, and I'm fed in. I'm fed in. I'm fed in. I'm fed in. I'm fed in. I'm fed in. I'm fed in. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Music Background Sounds Music MusicMusic Music Music Music Music >> The thing on the stage is safe thing. Music SilenceMUSIC Music Music Singing Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Music Music MusicMusic ♪ I'm talking to Trump, and I need so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, soPausePause (speaking in foreign language) and the captain of the Richard Dulles Motel, the cold and a sweet arm that is on the floor for the day to see Charlie Mine and Paradise. It's just a repression, it's a school of duvet. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Oh, I'm the one who just did it. ♪ ♪ I'm the one who just did it. ♪ ♪ I'm the one who just did it. ♪ ♪ I'm the one who just did it. ♪ ♪ I'm the one who just did it. ♪ ♪ I'm the one who just did it. ♪ ♪ I'm the one who just did it. ♪ ♪ I'm the one who just did it. ♪ ♪ I'm the one who just did it. ♪ ♪ I'm the one who just did it. ♪ ♪ I'm the one who just did it. ♪ ♪ I'm the one who just did it. ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMusicMUSIC Music Music Background Sounds Music Music and summary to ash on the wenshow, hunting high and out up to you in the sea of sea. So in the day we did eight days and don't buy things. Yeah, that was close, and most of the time I'm coming out and it's still not worth it. So, thank you, and for today's edition, thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) If you wonder about the age of gay legends that we thought you was in, so take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take Inaudible Remark the show after having started in 2007, it always had been a 6-year-old girl who was probably not as a selfishly-motioned, sweet and intense, so the role could be so tight-strapped. We were meeting before the multilateral dance, and quite some students went to the under-West for the open-yard for shout-for-pots to the board. The board in order for the pop-pots to fall out, since the line-pots were starting on (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and attended this principle. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible of all the spin-streams in the package, I'm sure it is. It is the only thing in the world that I should sing for you. But that would be like spring. It's so boring to hear it tonight. There is an auto-trip there. Thank you. I can go and sing it. But it's a little bumpy back. Do you want that? Something about that. For the spirits of Earth in the air. We do work at the time, and for simp into the late world. So I'd give my invite to sing a song about the box of dogs 10 over 3 beds is worth 1st half of the products that I may be able to reach, I'm just mere bomb ached up my son's kids, 30 on a paper, 3550 left. I put all of my 10 packets in my cylinder, go to my garage and I'll try to go to the garage and I'll be doing my statin, the trade room, the organization, the service room, all the longer rush, I'll get a false bomb, baby car in the van, sit. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark I think that was about the end of the spot, the deep adventure, but I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a... I've been at all the spot, it is a...inaudible You should still tell me so I'm trying to tell you what's on the channel of the air in the air. I'm trying to tell you what's on the channel of the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the air in the You should still tell me so I'm trying to tell you what's on the channel of the air in the air.Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.Music Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and I'll keep you posted on Twitter and I'll keep you posted on Twitter. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't think this is a kid who has yet to be here. I think all the 600 don't usually have that issue. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (upbeat music)Music MusicMusicMusicMusic Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic Music Music Inaudible Remark Music Background SoundsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music I'll tell you all it's a three-journ, just a little bit to see my game in the 80s, still hasn't seen. The patch of war is in itself, no fear in the 80s. It's insane and difficult to walk out, and by the time you come down, you're going to sell the hackers for a three-year period of time. Yeah, by the time you go down, you're going to be took care of that. But Elk is also going to get involved. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Music Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic MusicMusicMUSIC Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and talk to them about a country that's a good choice. Okay, bye. That's it for this. Now I told you what you got from Cowboy George, why do you want this? Now I think we're going to have to go all out and take 30 votes. We're going to have to take 30 votes. Yeah, I think I hope they can use it for me. We're going to have to take 30 votes. We're going to have to take 30 votes. We're going to have to take 30 votes. We're going to have to take 30 votes. We're going to have to take 30 votes. We're going to have to take 30 votes. and 70, all the hand-made options stop length and use the VNV and borrowing for non-fields. We have a number of online start-to-art 70 steps, the fixes on the long-field systems in the relevant stacking. Both Sankhildro and Sankhildro are the generation of big new York citizens of the Sankhildro Europe. They should be taught sites, their engines, freight cars, and streams of easy-food. They should be taught sites, their engines, freight cars, and streams of easy-foods. They should be taught sites, their engines, freight cars, and streams of easy-foods. They should be taught sites, their engines, freight cars, and streams of easy-foods. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to make the police on your boat, where you are. So you're going to go to there. We're going to need to make the outside of the car, and we're going to pass in there. We're going to have coaches on our way over there. We're going to pass in there, and we're going to get in there, and we're going to go over there, and we're going to pass in there, and we're going to pass in there, and we're going to pass in there, and we're going to pass in there, and we're going to pass in there, and we're going to pass in there, and we're going to pass in there, and we're going to pass in there, and we're going to pass in there, and we're going to pass in there. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible Remark MusicMusic MusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMUSICinaudibleMUSICinaudibleMUSICMusicMusic ♪ Come and be called a child from the heart of heaven ♪ ♪ Then stop a life and you will dream again ♪ ♪ Don't look so delicious and what she may ♪ ♪ Don't she burn your head ♪ ♪ If you lose your little body, turn your pain ♪ ♪ Don't stop a life and you'll be there ♪ ♪ You're the justice, you're the answer ♪MUSIC Background Sounds >> Every time you go away from all the spots, come back and say, "Continue to the hammer, these old people are dealing with it." And from Paul, your love for the common people has you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think that's because I can't give up on my first time in a single year. I don't think I'll be able to open it. But in other words, it's a bit too much time. But then it's time for the actors to react, and they're still all over the world. That's the only thing in the 90s. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) take a counter-force and once we're here to be... If you face, say, I'm in the 80% of the parcel you set the portfolio. You need to do exact photos of that, superlose in all of your full vehicles, and look for a pinnacle. All of your full vehicles. Three full. That's just a simple thing to do. If you need to understand that all of your energy is free to close overs. So, it's a project strategy that seems only for you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's why we're going to have a new day for the new press for our 250, and if you want to see more of this video, please subscribe to our channel and press the bell icon. I'll see you next week. I'll see you next week. and I'll share it with you in the comments. is my unit as an object, my unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit, of a unit (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The Illegence Squad 5 down the cellar, do we need it? I'd better see the Illegence Squad 5 up in the cellar. We'll go down, go nice, and I'll dig up the ligand for this agenda, so I can take it. I can take it. So, it's everybody, I'll let it say... It is so embarrassing. Music >> In the teen hold of teen sets, this is -- Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music MusicMusic Music Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, we saw that, and I think that you can approach this group. The challenge is not to leave one of the other members of the group. So, we can make you know what I mean, and it was really good. The piece of the piece of the piece of the piece is very beautiful. It's not that they brought the key out of it. It's really awesome to try out. It's good that they put the key in the middle class. So, it's good that they put the key in the middle class. So, it's good that they put the key in the middle class.MusicMusicMUSICMUSICMUSIC MusicMusic Musicinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remark Music Music (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Music Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark I have to make a musical, Mr. Stompon, get an epibandale. We checked any of the ones for the page. Let's have a look at which Thalapagetian walks. So I'll fix it in the right place. So we have to follow the following. We need to follow the key. Both of these are the features we basically need to hit on in the right storage. We'll take four, in the bus stop. We'll see if all of them are in the garage.Speaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language I just want to leave them to be fed and she's checking to be good in the lift, that's it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusicMUSIC ♪ They said no, they said no ♪ Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) and it's a good beach of our passing views. I was supposed to say that I'm out in tour and I'm also out here to watch you watch watching so fast. So I think in the 80s film, the hasn't seen the movie. Yeah, yeah. How? I was supposed to read the bathroom and then there was also a team of sorts out there, so I just didn't expect you to know that I'm going to be saying, oh, friends, from the rolling stuff, the info on what you're supposed to be doing so out there. The Boston Projects.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic And for a point in the 15,000 euro, extra, you'll burn it.Speaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language Some gay people and people also to keep us on the hands of the least who do not present themselves who do not know who they are. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) And then, look, we'll find some photos to release in the crack. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We'll be able to go to the next level of shots.Music So we just started to see it yourself into a good voice. I think that's our obsession with the children. We should hear those old rummages from the hand that they mentioned in the group of hundreds. Well, they knew all night that they didn't trust. I mean, they trust the way they got to some of them, could do some of the stuff that they didn't have to say, and we saw that the leader in saying, "Dig down into the antelope." But they all slacked you and back.VIDEO PLAYBACKVIDEO PLAYBACK (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) of the Brussels and the United States and the United States and the United States. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) I think it's really hard to look at something else across the region as we said earlier. It's not that simple.Music MusicMusic MusicMusicMusic Music MusicMusicMusic Music Background Sounds The next one is the "Turkish" The next one is the "Turkish" The next one is the "Turkish" The next one is the "Turkish" The next one is the "Turkish" The next one is the "Turkish" The next one is the "Turkish" The next one is the "Turkish" The next one is the "Turkish" The next one is the "Turkish" The next one is the "Turkish" (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business, and then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business, and then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business, and then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business, and then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business, and then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business, and then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business, and then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business, and then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business, and then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business, and then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business, and then you see that you have a lot to do with your own business. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and be in the channel with all these videos and drop by. There's no see-up on what I'm going to do. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think it's a good thing that people need food out of the system, recent cities. They are getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're getting, they're I think it's a good thing that people need food out of the system. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMUSIC (indistinct chatter)MusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and it must have really been fun specials. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Music There is John O'Brien, a young student, and a young student. Music ♪ You've all shared my deepest thoughts ♪ ♪ You've all heard my voice ♪ ♪ You've all heard my voice ♪ ♪ You've all heard my voice ♪ ♪ You've all heard my voice ♪ ♪ And all the memories from time to time ♪ ♪ It's so far from the end of the year ♪ ♪ It means to know you ♪ ♪ But when they left me behind ♪ ♪ I swear we say make you laugh ♪ ♪ You have my family and your family ♪ MusicMusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Music Background Sounds Silence SilenceMUSICMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music If you have any questions, let me know. My phone, I'm going to do it. Barbara never tells her. Barbara says, "I think so. It's all beautiful. You could see her killing as well." And Barbara says, "I'll spill the soup out and reach it." She's starting to fall in its pants. She's in this whole project.MUSIC PLAYING She's starting to fall in its pants. She's in this whole project.MUSIC PLAYING (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) the omega-8 such a shame not the f***. It's my life.MusicMusic Music MusicMusic MusicMusic MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and then back to the studio, and in the short run, the show, the theme, and the movie, and the movie, This is an instant game that I was just shooting so it's done with that torch. I ended up getting out of the way from the little piece of a piece of a piece of a planet and I was just going to get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out of there and get out This is an instant game that I was just shooting so it's done with that torch. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Hey, Petra, I'm thinking of a way we'd be easier to start. It's the 80s, the 90s. So it's in the hangar. Maybe a thousand women can be bloc. You know what I'm doing right now. I'm having a very old school to myself.MusicMUSICMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I've seen so many, I've seen so many, I've seen so many.MusicMusic MusicMusic Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) If you might expect to see me attack the bottom in only class of tennis again in the end of the night, maybe once or a while. All of the youngers and skaters, we believe here by our command of the world, they could have been the hands of us, we can be serious now, you can be serious. But follow my mind, show up, my mind, you can bring me here, I'll be in trouble, we fall back home, I'll be in trouble, I'll bring you nothing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusicMusic Music (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) So, behind the attention that we have to see the last thing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, yeah, you can see the comforts of the TV show. (speaking in foreign language) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMUSICINAUDIBLE MusicMusic Music Music Background Sounds Background SoundsPausePausePause to. That's it, and we will have to roll to our against the spades inside of the manoeuvres, and we will have to roll to our against the spades inside of the manoeuvres, and we will have to roll to our against the spades inside of the manoeuvres, and we will have to roll to our against the spades inside of the manoeuvres, and we will have to roll to our against the spades inside of the manoeuvres, and we will have to roll to our against the spades inside of the manoeuvres, and we will have to roll to our against the spades inside of the manoeuvres, and we will have to roll to our against the spades inside of the manoeuvres, and we will have to roll to our against the spades inside of the manoeuvres, and we will have to roll to our against the spades inside of the manoeuvres. here and upon each other, notice to the temple and temple. The only way is to get the elephants' project dealt as soon as possible. Thank you for watching.MUSICMUSIC Music Music Music Music Pause PauseMusicMusic We had about to be lunch, should have said all of the heroes. Do you know how certain it's all that you need to share with us? Hey you boys and girls, it's just... I want to go back to the class and get some space. I want to go back to the class and get some space. I want to go back to the class and get some space. I want to go back to the class and get some space. I want to go back to the class and get some space. I want to go back to the class and get some space. I want to go back to the class and get some space. I want to go back to the class and get some space. I want to go back to the class and get some space. I don't know if you're interested in the film, but I think it's always a small team and a superman in the US, and of course, I think it's a little bit of an unsuspecting opinion. Exactly. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. From the last Christmas. From where I'm going. MusicMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) ♪ I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'll keep the tears, I'llMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic MusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusicMUSICMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)PausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Let the dead superlose like a fluke, my taste wake, and the cow divorcee. What is the health you keep the feelings in, now, in 5-20% of the passage of my self-reputio. In it, to the exact false death, superlose in all the dead superlose, mangles and oak, and in me, for the spore, the dead superlose. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The 20% of the European people are kids and they don't have to call them indoors. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) of the event, see it all in some of those comments. I think that's all, and that's what I'm going to do now, because I'm going to have to go to the people who are going to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to go to the police station, and I'm going to have to Intensive sports are called for sure that you need to know how to work, what it looks like and what you want to do. A half-year intensive sport can be brought to you by a family family with an 8-year-old family. It's a very important family. A year-old family is a very important family. A year-old family is a very important family. A year-old family is a very important family. As it is, the minds of the people and the people of the dead, the people of the weak, the citizens of the damal, the rulers, the nation of the time, and the others, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, the Jewish, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to provide with a safety factor. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to the most dangerous and dangerous human body.Music MusicMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (upbeat music) MusicMusic MusicMUSIC Music Inaudible Remark If you don't know me by your hands, you'll be able to deal with the percentage of your best sense. If you have a brother who wants to make a jump on Jeff from the beginning of the day, then it's not that easy. He's an operatic. He's not in the middle of his command. So he's got a fucking shabby. He's not about the problem. He's not about the problem. He's not about the problem. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ You'll say it through ♪ MusicMusic MusicMUSIC Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.INAUDIBLE (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music MusicMUSIC Music Music Music Music Thank you. I have a safety officer with my built-in here. I think it's about a bucket, and there was a reason for this. I'm going to show it to you in the next video. So there's so many tissues there for the reason. These are the things you need to speak. You need to do a lot of them. That's for the job management throughout history. Don't do it too long, because you know. Yes, that's why they call it. You can change it there.Music Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music >> The dough is screaming if you take our presents. Music >> The third one is a free work here for the students and clear-cut circles to the students of South-Safety and pass. >> And the parking scene, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Just for this, the A.D. stoned eyes and couldn't even show up. MusicMUSICMUSICMusic Music Music Music Background Sounds Musicinaudible So to get some microgram, Cambridge, or order, thank you. If you have any of the skin issues, first, best to know if on dire straits is the need of some of the swing of more of life than the good ones that it's, I think that's need the best of them. The best to know if on dire straits it's going to be slow. For example, if you move, it's just need to be tactile. Basically, it's a brilliant student. A little struggling wheel, same streets are serenade. They let me know, with a little bit of love. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ When I'm bored, that's all I've been thinking about ♪ ♪ The movie's so bad, even when you don't recognize ♪ ♪ The music that we've had in touch with ♪ ♪ To be read, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, I'm bored, ♪ To be a part of the world, to be a part of the world, to be a part of the world ♪MUSIC (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMUSICMUSIC Music Music MusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Thank you. Silence Silence Music Music Music Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE And this weekend is a delayed shopping in desire habit room. Some of the Andy you had about 60% of the gold in the outlet bed, and if I had a toilet, now I have to go to bed so much. A delayed shopping in desire habit room. We should have done this. We should have done this. We should have done this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) ♪ I'm a little sad ♪ (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music MusicMusic Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I have a little boy over here who has a bunch of new bad guys. I need to see him. Thanks. So you can go and search out the link below, and then shoot, shoot, shoot. For the new, it's next week. You're in second half of the week. You're seeing a few of you. Thanks, and why don't you reach out there for instance? I had to do with hello bags, and that's what I'm going to do. (speaking in foreign language) You can feel the traditional jazz chorus, but it's black, well, all thanks from seeing here. Not to enable beats of love. Not to enable beats of love. It's not to enable beats of love. It's not to enable beats of love. It's not to enable beats of love. It's not to enable beats of love. It's not to enable beats of love. It's not to enable beats of love. It's not to enable beats of love. Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music MusicMusicMusicMusic Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Shit.MUSIC Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMusic Music ♪ Power on life ♪ ♪ Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Jesus Christ ♪ Music Music Music Music Music Music Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And they would make a living in the death of a new speaker, I would bless. The new speaker, I was a bit fond of the new speaker. It can't select, it's impossible. The new speaker, artist, but powerful. I have to finish, not the past, but the new speaker is still in the mood. The people that feel are similar, all of you are very fond of the beginner.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) if you're interested in making something to something that you're going to find your beauty. I'm going to go to a house in the European Parliament, where some of my sports and my team members are going to talk to us about the Scottish economy. We are going to go to a house in the European Parliament, where we are going to go to the European Parliament, where we are going to go to the European Parliament, where we are going to go to the European Parliament, where we are going to go to the European Parliament, where we are going to go to the European (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) - The host from all of the areas in the region but on the right, an all of the areas in the middle are the nuclear bomb structures. (speaking in foreign language) And that breath is on the twin hands and on the side of the sponge course from Cameroon. So many of that have had a pinky up to one side. But we've all found that an instrumental blade that once forgipersonal ito will need to go chill. Also some of the idea to open your hips rebuild and open up from hip to discuse it to the breath and ito will. But it's not an inting coach access. Okay, miss. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMusicMusic MusicMusic MusicMusic Music Music Music Inaudible Remark I am very happy to see you again today, thank you very much for your time, I am very happy to see you again today, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Music Music Music Music Silence MusicMusicMusic Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, ♪ Walking like a bogey beat ♪ ♪ This time we got it right ♪ ♪ Really like a bogey beat ♪ ♪ And I'm trying to use my hands ♪ ♪ I'm trying to feel like a bogey beat ♪ ♪ Where's the music and all ♪ I was made in the ocean, free time, and hope the air has set me free, but I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I'm going to fly, I MusicMUSICMUSICMUSIC ♪ This is how you show it, you're all sweet ♪ ♪ You're the only one that knew ♪ ♪ You're the only one that knew ♪ ♪ You're the only one that knew ♪ ♪ You're the only one that knew ♪ ♪ You're the only one that knew ♪Music MusicMusicMUSICINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) What will happen if you keep your feelings, and I'm in favour of being the person to be. I was passing by and I said to myself they put you in the buildings I follow so that you can see almost in all of their food angles and up-cuff for a baby. I follow so that you can see all of their food, they put you in the buildings and you can see all of their buildings and up-cuff for a baby. I follow so that you can see all of their food angles and up-cuff for a baby.Music MusicMusic Music MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I would like to introduce you to a person who has been working on this project for a long time. I would like to introduce you to a person who has been working on this project for a long time. I would like to introduce you to a person who has been working on this project for a long time. I would like to introduce you to a person who has been working on this project for a long time. Open, please. Open my cat, open it. See if you're up soon. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Music Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. ♪ And I'm so happy for you ♪ ♪ And I'm so happy for your sake ♪ ♪ And I'm so happy to see you through ♪ ♪ So be my side ♪ ♪ And be cheap and be free ♪ ♪ So be free ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMusic Music Music Inaudible Remark We all night on the road to the 6th and 7th. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language)Music MusicMUSICMUSICMUSIC MusicMusicMUSICMusic (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)inaudible If I'm just a twist, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll do the tricks, I'll And I think it's a man who has a good relationship with a woman and he can hold a woman to see her own daughter and daughter so much so I can use the story that I've been doing with him. It's not like he's making team, making mates, that's not the way he's doing it. I'm really part of the hit of us now to share an episode of How Bells. My... I'll see you soon, baby, if you want, if you have anything to do with Vincent, I will follow you, see you soon. I'll see you soon, baby. I'll see you soon, baby. See you soon, baby. Bye, bye. (cow mooing) And so are we, and we should, let it be, be step-up. We should be, we should be, we should be step-up.MUSIC Inaudible Remark Music But she's a chicken, and I hope she's a chicken, and I'm a chicken, and I'm a chicken, and I'm a chicken, and I'm a chicken, and where are we all? Yes. Oh, chicken. Music Music Music MusicMusicMusicMUSIC Music Music Music Thank you very much. I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it Okay, that's it. The song of the day, we need to be on the radio, and that is that simple morning and the morning. Thank you. (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MUSICMusic (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MUSICMusicMUSICMusicMusicMusic Music Inaudible Remark Music ♪ And when they speak with each other ♪ ♪ Won't you be able to speak with each other ♪ ♪ Not yet, you'll be able to speak with each other ♪ ♪ And if you would please me ♪ ♪ And I'd be with you ♪ ♪ With you in your hands ♪ ♪ And I'd be with you ♪ Music SilenceMusicMusicMUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Speaking in GermanSpeaking in GermanSpeaking in German I don't know if you can have a look. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Speaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Project at a new European meeting in World of Rams on the right minister. That, yeah, I think there are a lot of things that I'm going to have to do with this programme. But I think this is probably the case. It's actually a complete flip-flip for start. It's not so much about the basis of the giganties or the fact that I see these. But I think it's also one of the best-going, abstract sounds to show media at the end of the start. So we're just going to go on and get some of the geniuses to run. That's all from all of you. in the lamp or under the bed, and all the yearning in the middle of a heavy-moving computer. Well-known for all of us, layplugs have been a mere moition with all the changes. In the north-east of the Frankreich, it was built by the fascinating and overlaid in the printhead of the car. The water was hampered, and often said that in a crash, and ultimately, they were so wet, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) All the more, the closer you have the more and the more you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have the closer you have (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) In the next few days, we'll get a fastie ball that's going on top of the ball, and we'll get a 25-minute-to-set-in-a-ass-and-a-a-all-door ball. All the buildings are immediately ready to soon be seen again in February, and they'll finish the 25-minute-to-set-in-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and-a-all-and- We'll get a 25-minute-to-set-in-a-all-door ball that's going on top of the ball. Background Sounds Silence And now to be done with the same. The number of changes. Yeah, that's a joke with the same set. It's the 80's and the best of 1000 numbers. We use the 32 numbers. The India facts with the same algebra. The index of the number 1 can be a lot of the same. Yeah, Joe thinks the end. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music SilenceMUSICMusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So I'm a citizen, I'm a vine, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a vine, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a church, I'm a Thank you very much. Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Music Music Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Background noiseinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Background SoundsMusic Music Music MusicMusic Music Inaudible Remark And actually, we seem to be most important to all the people of the world, to music and to all the spirits, for the same has seen in New York, to the best of the latest, for the people of New Doom, of Pumpkin, who faced the same fate. If you have been anywhere near, it's always the same or original, it's bad for you how I was feeling already, but you were so late to seeing me in front of this apartment building. you want to say, a Friday he was killed almost a year, but he knew in front of the mountains that he could build a field of wood, so that he could build a picture of the 50s. So, he was told, "Oh, he wants to build a high-six, with the statics, with the students, he wants to build a field of wood, so that he could build a high-six, with the students, Music Music Music Background SoundsMUSIC (upbeat music) Background SoundsMUSIC MusicMusic Pause Pause So, I mean, most of us here have experienced so much so far. The 18th and 19th of December, it's the announcement that we want to search for something else in the weekend. We have been interested in the safety of the MOTO to support the GFN response. Also, we have to support the GFN to support the GFN so it could move before. We'll see if the MOTO to support our school and our school team, and be interested in the MOTO to support the GFN version and then all. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Background Sounds MusicMusicMusic Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, so we've got a lot of guests who have been in the club for a long time. Is that something that you do in the club? Yeah, I'm a boy. I'm a little bit crazy about you. Yeah, but just keep it all in, just keep it all in the club. Yeah, and you're the next one. Oh, you're the next one. I think it's the same thing as the other one. That is Mark Shepman. He's sitting in the van and screaming, and he's got a lot of students, and he's just doing it. Oh, the two-year-old. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I hope to see you in the middle of the day and I will see you in the middle of the day. For 80s, no diving, no drinking, no drinking, no drinking. I hope to see you in the middle of the day and I will see you in the middle of the day. Background SoundsMusic Musicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence MusicsilenceMusic Pause Pause (exhaling)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I'm not sure if maybe not true or for me, I'm financier of this. For me, the object of the media is handled for how to make a professional's. We collect all 4,000 euros and all sorts of things. With the details, the new answer to the secret that you have on a phantemic superfoam. Informing for me, the object of the media. Do not tell them. As I am into the space where he profited, but didn't you have to know what to do for the first time? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence Thank you.COUGH Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusic Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds and the official copy scene where you all can now eat. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I cannot just fit down like that. Do you see the sun in the sun? And do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? Do you see the sun in the sun? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll be on the chase a percent. I'll be on the chase a percent. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It is a very small building that is very big, as well as many people. There are buildings, facilities and so on, and what makes it very interesting is that it is very big. The police, the police themselves, told me that it was a very big building. With such a different agency. It is a building of so many Frankreichs. It is a building of so many Frankreichs. It is a building of so many Frankreichs. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) that body went out as it is, now you can't allow a verbote in the song to be allowed There are only a couple of stores where other sports cars are running out of cultural events. In other countries, in both the United States, there are also various types of stores, such as Argentina and Brazil. In other countries, there are also various types of sports. There are also various types of sports. Grandsets 43 and on end for the year, open page for the EMP, and boxed in the title of Artoric Soul Concerts and Opinion in Transpels, and welcome to EMP, that's Glechibar, we're on French to Bulgaria.Music So if you can buy it, get the dance pins in, and just let's see if you can pull it in there, or don't buy it, or see the thing there, and if you have a good summer, you can buy it, you can do it so as much as you can have it. So I'd like to join the symposium, for some to do so, and then I'll spend some time here, of course, see the thing there. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And if you want to make your own, you can find a link in the description below, and I think that's it for today's video, and I think that's it for today's video, and I think that's it for today's video, and I think that's it for today's video, and I think that's it for today's video, and I think that's it for today's video, and I think that's it for today's video, and I think that's it for today's video, and I think that's it for today's video, and I think that's it for today's video, and I think that's it for today's video.MUSICMUSICMusic Music Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence Music Background Soundsno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible 666, the number of the days, 100,000, number 3, 100,000, the telegraph of all the numbers S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S- 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the number 666, the (speaking in foreign language) - About the eight years, it feels like a heaven fiction of factories at the bottom, do you know what I'm saying? (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Background SoundsMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Music Background Sounds >> Speaking in German >> Speaking in German (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I am a good business business technician, but I still don't know how to do it in the government. I am a financial engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good professional engineer, I am a good business technician, but I still don't know how to do it in the government. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) ♪ It's a good job, it's a good job, it's a good job ♪ Background SoundsMusicMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSICMusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I would stand, show, and try to correct my class, put it in the fabric, and get... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) where every three of them in their mirror should make or so, and this way is all too much for your time, but please say it's your self-bomb in La Vola.NON-ENGLISH SPEECHNON-ENGLISH SPEECHNON-ENGLISH SPEECHNON-ENGLISH SPEECHNON-ENGLISH SPEECHNON-ENGLISH SPEECHMusicMusicMusicMUSICMusic MusicMusicMusic Music ♪ They just bought me a tree ♪ ♪ They bought me a tree ♪ ♪ Oh, I don't know what to do ♪ ♪ Me and my tree ♪ ♪ Me and my tree ♪ ♪ Me and my tree ♪ ♪ Me and my tree ♪ ♪ They bought me a tree ♪ ♪ They bought me a tree ♪ ♪ They bought me a tree ♪ ♪ They bought me a tree ♪ ♪ They bought me a tree ♪Music But then I express yourself, three hundred and seven, eight years. No, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in the second, it's in (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Music MusicMusicMusic Music Music Background Sounds (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music MusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to date these little dozens. MusicMusic MusicMusic MusicMusic Music Music MusicMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) You two are out with the ligandarts, so who's fallen very little in the young and you've got to tell me that too? Did you offer us? Well, sorry to think about the child. The child that's across the road from me. We should symbolize the beginning for you to symbolize and say what we're doing to you. But as she can so make her up, she'll never play with all the (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and avoid it. So we need... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC This is the right moment for you to choose what you want to be with and what you want to be with. You will have to choose the right moment for you to choose what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and what you want to be with and (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's the indistiltitis.Music Music Music ♪ It's a chance to get a view here ♪ Music Music Music Music Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark in your next video to learn about working the mind sound sheet, the black was, cable was, the lamp was, the beat album from Q2 that's the yellow and the ice was the kind you would choose, the little men's suit and the guy was in class, the little, the big name was, except for the number of people from the war, the world was, the beat album (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) still in the water, but in the eighth year of your freeing, and a half-year-old from Sondromer, and the bee-wander, the bee-wander, the bee-wander, the bee-wander, as soon as the family and auntie has snore, that's also really a double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double-double the bee-wander, the bee-wander, the bee-wander, the bee-wander, the bee-wander, Indeed, that looks in the blood of all the male and see if you're in advance of the top of all the male we've been getting. There got to be a lot of grip of real or safety well in the field and see if it's a big, steady one, or a cluster.MusicMUSICMUSIC ♪ I know I can't give it any more ♪ ♪ I'm a kid student, I'm a smart kid ♪ ♪ I'm a kid student, I'm a kid student ♪ ♪ Do you know that I can't buy it? ♪ ♪ I know I can't think of it, I'm a kid ♪ ♪ I know I can't buy it, I know I can't buy it ♪ ♪ I know I can't buy it, I know I can't buy it ♪ ♪ I know I can't buy it, I know I can't buy it ♪Music Music Music MusicMusic ♪ We called to play the piano ♪ ♪ Play the beat and beat the ♪ ♪ Show this to the ninja ♪ ♪ You know, you can hear the positive ♪ ♪ Yeah, the beat's just like this ♪ ♪ Why do you know the beat? ♪ ♪ We'll be doing the trick, trick, trick, trick ♪MUSIC Music Music >> The 80's sound ising from the joke. Music Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Music MusicMusic Music And that makes sure that it won't be too long, and two of them, and one of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them, and two of them (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I've made them 3,000 snow-neighbors, I've already stopped by this. (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to go to the financial aid that I've done. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) As an architect and a man, he's just like a blower and a stint out in the sun. and what makes it a real realistic or a true threat. In the police, you'll find suites of fire, but now it's a croat opening that's a bondage against them. There's a lot from two in front of him, he's a belt for all groups. There's also some fits of an auto, there's a family in an overlapsed group. Shadowlandland, a sedal chemist flammable, and far from free. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SpanishSpanish (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic MusicMusicMusic Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) side of the course of the VS, and those are things that you can see in them and think of us as both of them. fragile but the dice among the most gross to be the reserve is given to seven of the most good things that we've had to prepare for the city of Andersen. I'd like to ask you a very good question, because I have a little bit of a problem with that that has a lot of problems, so I would like to ask you a few questions, please. I would like to ask you a question, please. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silence Okay, just a minute.MUSICPauseMusic Background Sounds Music >> It is the ancient stoltisens. Music The disabled are majoring in these. Music (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MUSICMusic ♪ And sometimes I feel like the B.A.P. is ♪ ♪ It's more of a fleece that they do ♪ ♪ And they don't know what they're saying ♪ ♪ What's on me, what's on me? ♪ ♪ Oh, God ♪ ♪ Oh, God, there in here, in your house ♪ ♪ Don't fall, go to the end of the world ♪ ♪ Oh, God, there, there, there ♪MusicMUSICMUSICMUSICMusicMUSICMUSIC (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)MUSIC MusicMUSIC So I'm talking about something, and everything is human's up to me, and it's why George Michael has helped me. Well, that's for sure, and so since I'm getting successful, it's not that new, and that I can't help but get it to the ground, so I can make a hole in it, and that's what I'm seeing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's a good idea to level up the surface and possess it so we're never seeing it for a reason and I love the whole field of arched and arched knuckles. It's the first time here.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) of super-soaring parties that don't 30,000 people today see the whole thing. There are some really strange and not very much people who see me as the screen on the other side of the party. I'm sorry, it's okay, but it's not in the afternoon. No, no. It's okay. It's a pretty good shot. It's a pretty good shot. It's a pretty good shot. It's a pretty good shot. It's a pretty good shot. It's a pretty good shot. It's a pretty good shot. It's a pretty good shot. It's a pretty good shot. It's a pretty good shot. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Music MusicMusicMusicMusicMUSIC Music MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) here, six to three down. This is the 18th vote deficit. The best stand-down self-made stand-down self-made. This is the 18th vote deficit. This is the 18th vote deficit, this is the 18th Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible So, when you want to see more of these things, you can see that there are a lot of things that are going to happen. You can see that there are a lot of things that are going to happen. You can see that there are a lot of things that are going to happen. You can see that there are a lot of things that are going to happen. You can see that there are a lot of things that are going to happen. You can see that there are a lot of things that are going to happen. You can see that there are a lot of things that are going to happen. You can see that there are a lot of things that are going to happen. You can see that there are a lot of things that are going to happen. You can see that there are a lot of things that are going to happen. You can see that there are a lot of things that are going to happen. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think in the dark there's a man sitting, he's looking at me and I'm just over there, and I'm looking at him and I'm sitting there. I can see him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm looking at him and I'm Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Background SoundsMUSICMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible MusicMUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Music Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) about gas, nachos, diesel. of something, noting the "Ella-Ella" with this, the aim is still nice and matured. Thank you for your time.Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music No! It's time to go! We're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up to you, we're up I'm going to have to go! (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and then you have to open up the subject to double F to be sure. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It is really on deck, 4.5 meters forward, it was keeping it, should not seem odd. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music MusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusic Music Music MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and send me onto a Pietro Fist and I'll have a resume to do so. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it, to be made it (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMusic Inaudible Remark MusicMUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Musicinaudible (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I can't look that straight if you're going to be able to, because you get a scum of death, so I'll just love you by all means. Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence InaudibleinaudibleMusic Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you. Thank you. . . . . . . . . . . . Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remarkinaudible I thought it's important to ask you for some kind of news you're going to make, and you're going to introduce your process in the first place, and you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure that you're going to make sure thatMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) In 2020, I can tell you how much I have been through this project. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Background SoundsinaudibleMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language)MUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music InaudibleMusicINAUDIBLE Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remarkinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Music Background noise (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Background noise Background noise I mean, it's not even a photo, it's in the dark. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And it's a fancy flick, you know what I mean, if I'm in a... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I would say that it's close to the roots of the rock, but I have a maximum of 0.15. Yeah, I think I would vote for my Barcelona that wants to feed for the red celebration of the world. So the David Eish, the David Finis, the Obarang and Team Fidz, the Ophosistale, and the Echentine Blase. Why, if you didn't say that, it might be because of what the media is the longest to feed. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Thank you very much for your time. (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark It's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it's been a big hour, it'sMUSIC MusicMusic Okay, I'm going to look at what you're going to think. I'm going to look at what you're going to think. I'm going to look at what you're going to think. I'm going to look at what you're going to think. I'm going to look at what you're going to think. I'm going to look at what you're going to think. I'm going to look at what you're going to think. I'm going to look at what you're going to think. I'm going to look at what you're going to think. I'm going to look at what you're going to think. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, that's it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language You better start being on there as soon as possible. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMusic MusicMusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (audience chattering) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark MusicMUSICMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music Music Music MusicPausePause And, yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, noSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign language I think it's so bad, I think it's... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Speaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign languageSpeaking in a foreign language (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible Remark and I think it's better to be in love with open-air radio, G-EGG, I think it's important to be better. All of the 84,000s in G-EGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG (Speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's an interesting thing to see. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) But in light of a theory, it left me alone for the most images in the complete history of the world. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to give you a little time to ask you to do more of your lectures, we're about to share. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Speaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language and that's new to this game. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible so as well as the new store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the store, the (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We belong in 11 minutes until so be the square in the sun. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So we're going to make a couple of jokes, but we're going to have to make a couple of jokes. So we're going to make a couple of jokes. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMusic MusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEMusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ You're all alone in the night ♪ ♪ You're all alone in the night ♪ ♪ You're all alone ♪ (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) with this very little of the strongest character of the perfects. We have them so this obviously I am in trouble here, but I do not believe it here that I am a museum painter and I have seen things in so this long and okay, and by now we will talk some very more about it. For us, it is the thing in the game as I have done all of this with the big game. I want to make sure that we are just not in the picture. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMusic Inaudible (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct)inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, I think they're all there. Come on, please. Yeah, you're welcome. Yeah. Yeah. I learned to feel the ball. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Background SoundsMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music That's such a beautiful thing to do with your stuff, that's what I'm talking about. Yeah, I'm trying to get you to hang on to that, and I'm trying to get you to hang on to that. Yeah, but it's ever done by me, right? Uh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm trying to get you to hang on to that. Yeah, I'm trying to get you to hang on to that. I'm trying to get you to hang on to that. I'm trying to get you to hang on to that. I'm trying to get you to hang on to that. I'm trying to get you to hang on to that. in the region's way there are multiple work and some of the residents in the city of the shooter, so now they're 50 and 60 and we're going to go to the church and see if we can get a free touch, bring in the tire, help it be a lot stronger than that, make sure you make a lot of safe, make sure it comes to the door of the haunted bed, make sure you have a lot of water, make sure you have a lot of water, make sure you have a lot of water, make Thank you very much for watching. To be the new consulate's e-punchable, the new timber-fingreds of powerful, and yet fresh top-past-growing, and the same new wood.LAUGHTER The A-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-S-D-MUSIC PLAYINGinaudible MusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible that you're not going to find a big goal. You know what makes sense? You know you don't make so much. You ain't got it. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. You know you don't make so much sense. But I did it in shape and it was a roller. So that's right on that side.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, so many, many of the world, how are I going to do that for you? I'm going to do the most brilliant aspect of this thing. We have to go and get our food, and if they go to the farm, they'll start cooking for life. Our food has been on the green street, and we need to take the green street for the green street. So that's how it's been to the town of this city. But for the green street, we have to be happy to keep doing it now. So we're going to make all this. (farting sound) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Inaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Background Sounds They know it's not something that is fire. I know a bit more, but I'm so nervous there. Background Sounds Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, uh, I'm gonna do something stupid. Shut up. Okay, uh, you can throw me out of the boat and destroy it. So the height of the last one, we are continuing to wait and swipe it. But I'm here. I'm just off the loose. I'm just eight. I'm sitting in the boat. Oh, yeah, I'm in the boat for a little bit. I'm just gonna throw that to the other side. Yeah. I'm holding it on my finger, okay. So, yeah. I'm gonna do my main type in film. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Three gone promise to no one to step down. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I hope you enjoyed this video. See you. Be careful. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So we're taking two HTC heads to show with the Ragnarine engine. It's a Ragnarine engine. You'll be no better than four to ten. All I get for are four to ten. Endutes over, sets up. Sejoon, you stand still. Mahin, counterels. Weep until it's the three-year schizel, thunderswair, eight-sewns. We're looking to see the end of a ship home, and the trusses and rags of the ship raise the belts out as soon as they reach. In time, this one to zero. Then I saw a golden gun. It's the night of the day, and it's full of treads, full of new equipment. It was the thousand-tune between the two.Speaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language (speaking in foreign language) I would like to invite you to join the 30-year-old so to welcome your computer player and host to sit there in the chef's seat. Come on, he's already 30, he wants to be the owner of the office, and I would like to invite you to join the 30-year-old because we are in the middle of the first 30-year-old who has already been the owner of the office. But the 30-year-old is ready to take it. It's not going to be too late. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I was allowed to have my favorite goods from Astrid. My director thought about the shirt as he found out about the opening of '67. What the lager needs are we use for the door basically. You know, it's just a stopper that we could buy. I'm sorry, I'm not the shabby. I don't know what else I'm going to do there. Fullfills expert. The company's city has seen all these things on YouTube. It's the power of the cancer. The pick is the dose of it. It's the age to lose Christmas. So you can be really sure. I go to him, he went to the Edskacht, the Netherlands, and go to over for the swarting spirit. I hope for the American citizenship. But I don't say that to the unspeak the situation would prefer. The swarting of nature is in the center of the cancer and the people of the fish division in the Netherlands. I go to see the European country, my wife, who is a three-throwing corporation woman. What in the spring from January? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) baby chasers.Music MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you. Silence Silence So, I think that's the end of the video. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. MusicMusicMusicMusic Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusic Well, now we have more to play on the other side of our own games. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yeah, I don't know what to do with that. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I'm going to go first. There we go. Yeah, I'll play hard. Play smart. Play again. We're done here. Don't know how to be sure. This is not going to only do it, but that is not it. We are going to do it again. We are going to do it again. Silence Silence Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence SilencePauseMusic InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background SoundsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMUSICMusic (laughing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's a thing I found on the way, but I'm still here, and during childhood, I was in the basement. I came to the bathroom, and I was sitting in the bathroom. But I rode on the road, and I started doing this. I had to go to the house, and I was in the basement, and I went to the kitchen, and I just did things to save the floor, and I thought, what the fuck was that? Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't need a particular answer, I just need a piece of piece. But look at us, thanks, we're gonna be fine.Music Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (indistinct chatter) Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic Thank you very much, Robert. Thank you very much, Robert. Thank you very much. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (indistinct chatter) Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause We are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are going to have to say we are Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So, I would like to be able to work on this. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic ♪ And you and me do the things ♪ ♪ And I'll be with you in the day ♪ ♪ So I'll be with you in the day ♪ ♪ And you and me do the things ♪ Music Inaudible Remark ♪ I can't help but just be ♪ ♪ What, hurry, sir? ♪ ♪ Give me your hand ♪ ♪ To the heaven for the evil ♪ ♪ To the stand to the victory ♪ (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMUSIC Music (laughing) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering)inaudibleMusic Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The 28th model of the 18th is the 22nd anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of the 25th anniversary of (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and the police are doing some good to the people and they are doing some good to the police. The village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to the police and the village is doing some good to The police are doing some good to the people and they are doing some good to the people and they are doing some good to the police. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm just seeing the silence in the silence by a dross on him and he had an ear that was at my address and so I'm going to go back to him and see if he's going to see him. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) In the remote sheds, the building has now been the better to split the two-maths and establish a middle-age in green. In 2012, in Brussels, there was a fair out-of-the-border building that was built in the middle of the Trombacrat, and it was built in the middle of the Trombacrat, and it was built in the middle of the Trombacrat, and it was built in the middle of the Trombacrat. MusicMusic Inaudible Remark (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing)MUSICMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSICMusicMUSIC (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSIC - I'm just looking at the 80s. - Sure. MusicMUSICinaudible (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering)MusicMusicMusicMUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not going to do anything to get you in that country.MUSIC (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic MusicMUSICMUSIC Thank you.MusicMusicMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMUSIC (indistinct chatter) And if you're about to get to work with your friends with Janice, the addition of your new generation, you're about to get to work with Janice. To be able to work with Janice, you're about to get to work with Janice. You're about to get to work with Janice. You're about to get to work with Janice. You're about to get to work with Janice. You're about to get to work with Janice. You're about to get to work with Janice. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark MusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I thought it was just a little bit stupid, but it's just a little bit stupid, just a little bit of crap. (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)MusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic This is our opening up.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible Remark Music Music (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMusicMusicMusic Music Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusicMUSIC What's secret sense is that we have to go to the door? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSICMUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic So, here is the best meeting that didn't wrap up in the year and the night. Hello, fellow junior, today we're in the GF. That's just a way that some people see what you need. So, what the hell do you think is going to see the lines? You could know that the focus tells from the person who's saving me the face of the head. So, if you thought, "Don't you forget about me?" So, you need to think so. My soul and my heart are alive and digging, not even on the shank of death.Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSICinaudibleMusicMUSIC (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic MusicMUSICinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (Speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicMusic MusicMusicinaudibleMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMUSICMusicMusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMUSICMusicMusicMUSICMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC (indistinct chatter)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) of either a story or a simulator.MusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusicMUSIC (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusic Music Music MusicMusicMusic MusicMusic Music Music Music MusicMUSIC (laughs) Silence (singing in foreign language)Music And yet, while something would be a fit for me, I will come for you to rise. Over all the trip time and all the hits we held, we have seen a beautiful big friend, and I can help you with the infrastructure. The hit for the mind that I see is close. I'll be in the hall of the city of San Francisco. I'll go to the city. So, it's never since the 80s. We have to give it a 10-year-old.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusicMusicMusic Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMUSICINAUDIBLEMusicMusicMusicMUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MUSICMusicMUSIC (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)inaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSICinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic InaudibleMusic And we're glad you're here. You know, because you've got a lot of rights. But you know that the people of the Russian people don't know that it's all over. Of course, you know. Even if you're here. You know, you know, you know, and you know that the people of the Russian people don't know that it's all over. You know, you know, you know, and you know that the people of the Russian peopleMusicMusic Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICMusicMusic Music Music Silence Music Music >> This is the "Avice" show. Singing SingingMusic MusicMUSIC MusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMUSIC ♪ No one can stop now ♪ Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) For the new weeks, rural Mars, Edward and the Fair of Tallinn versus Refuel and Celci by Joe Eher of 13 wilds for leather words of the year 1980s so breathed, and the following the opening ceremony held met with one's method, which was the first time that we saw a lot of people in the world, and we saw a lot of people in the world. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMUSICMUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusic MusicMUSICMUSICMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusic Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to see the same for students, but the English and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and French and And she said, "I think I'm going to do it all the time, so I should be doing it all the time." All the open things, but in the end, I thought that the piece of me was saying, "And it's as smooth as the wind of the ancient four flowers and the fable ancient winter." I thought I was going to attempt to reach the rest as underwish. I thought, "Mandrath, I'm going to pick out on the edge of the ancient winter." And it's going to feel like I'm trying to prove that it's going to be spent under this type of unsubstantial point. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll see you soon, if you don't get many shoes for hackers, I'll do the same for the volume sound. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC Thank you.MusicMusicMUSICMusic MusicMusicMusicMUSIC Music Music Background SoundsMusic Music Music Music Music Music >> It's time for the eighth music. See you. Music ♪ In the setting sun, in the sun ♪ ♪ You're all I can do ♪ ♪ And think of my own tears ♪ ♪ I'll tell you how to care ♪ ♪ You're all I can do for you ♪ ♪ You're all I can do for you ♪ Music Music Musiclaughter (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I can tell you that I can't tell you anything. I can't tell you anything. You? We're seeing something. What's the news? I'm going to find one. I'm going to find one. I'm going to find one. I'm going to find one. What's the news? I'm going to find one. I'm going to find one. I'm going to find one.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Alright, we'll have to go to practice here and there. So, we'll have to talk with Buscecobbe, and look, you left side. How long? I should have... I can think of... I can't find... I'm just... Something under there. All right, up. I'll do that.