[00:00:32.12] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Yeah, they're good.SOUND Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC Music Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Lights, pull this, pull this down your head. Well, I'm always very low, so I just can't remember the words and just ugly, it doesn't care about anything better. I cannot keep on living like this. So I have to kill myself. I tried this, no. I proposed that since December, so we won't bid coins or 50,000, but because details are on my Twitter, that's the pvda. Still nothing. matter how much they spank on all the present, is tilting their banner off once everything is broken and is future left. tilting that misery on sephrine, they're silly. so the only thing that's left You know how you take up the future can give, and just press it to make sure that it's skipped forward. So those two that's reading the manual suffering turn on in two pop-up decades, no more. The mad guy until the exit, the time it will be time will be over. Provided I may be too much too much.inaudible just sweeping bills in the scope of the start of the night this is efficient to self-cate them. I'll do that.silence Joseph's one. 12, 15, 16, so sad that they have pushed me to it, but I've learned so many more professions and what I'm so sorry to blame is very difficult. things in the whole world. All of this telepathic abuse Thank you for watching. and I got it, it never stops. I like the persona that I took it. Domino I took it. Yeah, well, it's two moments and a half, and Yeah. Yeah.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Background Soundsno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSIC (groaning)Music But... Um... I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Silence Silence (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedSilenceSilenceMusicMusic (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUMBLING Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds (mimics gunfire) Pause Pause (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door slams shut) Background Sounds (singing in foreign language) MusicMUSICsilencesilence Silence Silence Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Music Background SoundsPausesilencesilence Silence SilenceMUSIC SilenceSOUND (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePauseMUSIC Thank you. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (indistinct chatter)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (indistinct chatter)inaudibleinaudible Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Background noise Background noise Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Background Sounds Silence Background noise Background noise Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible InaudibleMusicinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusicMusic Inaudible Remark All have on the table. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark SilenceMUSICinaudibleinaudibleMUSICinaudible Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark MusicMUSIC Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic InaudibleinaudibleMusicinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusicinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (inaudible) MusicMusic Background SoundsMusic Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Inaudible MusicMusic Inaudible Inaudible InaudibleMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic MusicMusic Inaudible Remark MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh OhINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Music SilencePauseMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusicinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Music Inaudible Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Pause Pause Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. . . . . . Silence Silencesilence Oh, oh. (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) Next set. Next set. Silence Silence Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence If I don't press 5 buttons, as it's done by I think we're in, it's good.silencesilence Silence Silence Silence >> Let me know. Silence Silence Silence Silence (knocking on door) >> Hold on a minute.MusicMUSIC MusicMUSICMUSIC So, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, oneinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark and voice, we clearly service my voice, interesting case, but it's an interesting thing, and I'm glad that music gathered from both the best DJs of the programme. We'll never see a way that they could have sold out of it, but it doesn't really just feel like it's a programme, it's not a programme, it's not a programme, it's not a programme, it's a programme, it's a programme, it's a programme,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark and So, I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. So, the same age you saw today, you did not expect it to be the last one for I am thinking that time. Inaudible Remark So, I should invite my heart, personable, and... ...to make some of the things I've just said right then, and I've had a destiny.Pause Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Now!Music that between for the house, perhaps the exact job of the first day.inaudibleinaudible because they're happening many percent. You don't want me to be deserving me. Do you want to have that scene? Or if there's more in the city than you have to do? I understand why I'm saying that. You'll get to understand me. You want to have that scene, don't you? I'll function for you. They kill yourself. You don't want to. Come on. I have no interest in alcohol until I am protected. Inaudible Remark I think it was by going to be an objection because of the red light in the vision of a map. Number of parts in the movie X-ray, the world, about the number of characters. That's all I'm going to do. Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark What is rather an opportunity, one hour ago, in the future, in your time, I got a little view that seemed to me, this is very interesting, and it was a little bit of a pain, a feeling of a mixture of chemistry, not a feeling of fear, not a feeling of fear, not a feelingMusic We have one question, if you buy a person, look at that by the end of the person. I'll reload the phone.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going toinaudible Are you sure that I'm doing the job? I'm telling you this.inaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Music SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Yeah, that's what I'm saying, sorry. Especially when you're doing assignment.inaudible That's it for involved in the impact of miniature purple on the bangles.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark question whether or not this law is favorably at the sound content of the day, the view of patience and the full of faith in the law, that's what the radiation does. The day is so fast and powerful, the day is so fast and powerful.MUSIC Inaudible Remark (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering)INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark I'm going to start with a little secretion, a little secretion.MUSICinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Music It's very low, so it goes down to 9.11. Cheap or I'm not, being more than good time came better than I've ever been in the last one. It's a little bit of a personal frustration to do this, and as such, request such an evaluation of the number. I'm going to get a bit here.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Music Music Music Music Music Music Background SoundsMusic Music is really helpful. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC >>INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for your time.inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark and we'll see you in the next. It's still full inside of the building. Come on, take part in the building.MusicMUSICinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark I'm going to get into it, I ain't forgotten, of course you need me to, all of these girls are just going to be the rest of you and next to you, next to you, to be the rest of me. I'll see you in the next video. Inaudible Remark (laughs) (audience laughs) - Let's see. (audience laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music InaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible And if you want to see some data, take a little bit of this and this is the percent of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of the percentage of Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background Sounds InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background SoundsINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Background Sounds SilenceMUSIC Music Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible And my apologies saying for justice. I just have to put it under the management. A lot of couples. So I'm going to talk to you just about the things that you do. It's a very personal thing. It's a good activity. I'm going to put it under the management. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a blessing. It's a blessing. It's a blessing. It's a blessing. It's a blessing. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible MusicMusic Inaudible What's the power in your heart when you shift the speed? What's the power in your heart when you shift the speed? What's the power in your heart when you shift the speed? What's the power in your heart when you shift the speed? What's the power in your heart when you shift the speed? What's the power in your heart when you shift the speed? What's the power in your heart when you shift the speed? I'd say, for the last month of the year, I suppose to be. I don't know if it's the whole thing, but I want you to let go of it, but it is, you got it in contact with it all the time, all the time, so for the most, I need the most. In certain cases, you do yourself that you are going to miss a lot of things. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark This is going to be your piece. Okay, so you're ready. What's that? Oh, you're going to see what you're going to do next. Yeah. Yeah.INAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark MusicMusicMusic That's just you and me. Thank you. I wish you had a good day and see you in a bit of some home, but I want to thank you. Once you've found the Jews, all of that, there's an extra chain of your ginsengop. You can do it with your own life. I did better this course, but I think you made it. I want to talk to people that I have read, others, others that I have been positive all great, happy time.MusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark I also find one of the things that you can do to make sure that you have access to it. If you have seen what's in the syntax, you will be my end-time opponent. If you have a few of the other things that you can do to make sure that you have access to it. Music Silence Background noiseinaudible Thanks for joining us today, thank you very much for joining us today, thank you very much. We have to take a long time to get one.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music I'm going to show you how to do this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMUSIC you must change service and then it is immediately I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Music Thank you very much. I'm going to be in the show. Just to go to an exosperate. Now, I'm going to go on the other side. You know, I've been here for a while. For a year, I'm talking to daddy. Well, I've been attempting to sleep, and then, it's hard for me to get you back. You're probably so cheap. touch that's called a squirch. He's not talking about the spectrum. He's not talking about the spectrum. He's not talking about the spectrum. He's not talking about the spectrum. He's not talking about the spectrum. He's not talking about the spectrum. He's not talking about the spectrum. He's not talking about the spectrum. He's not talking about the spectrum. He's not talking about the spectrum. He's not talking about the spectrum.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic I think we are in situate in that command system where we are running everything's out of the world. Five hundred percent across the world. Five hundred percent across the world. Five hundred percent across the world. Five hundred percent across the world.Music Let's keep on. Maybe we'll get a set of those in front of everybody. Never make any mistakes, so I think we're going to explore it. I love that. Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSICMUSIC (laughs) Music Music MusicMusic Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSICinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background noise Background noise Music Music Music Music Music Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleMusic I'm sharing the things that you're going to find out in our solve. So, it'll be easier. But a big improvement is that we should know the very extreme that A. It's super. It's rising. It's rising.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't know if I would be getting people in pain or fine.inaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible Remark I'm thinking about what I'm interested in, and I've got a weekly meeting held in the University of Massachusetts. Good, the tunnel packets that go up for the power of the water are needed to be used to. I have a full capacity of energy that could be used to stay at this place. Also, before we go to our unit, I'll just give it a shot. Thank you.inaudibleMusicMusic MusicMusic So, what I have to do is make it so that you can think, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, think about what you're going to do, InaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible MusicMusicMusic That's it, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end, it's going to go to the end Musicinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic I'm out there looking for a solution for the solution. Access to the solution. Is that a solution? This is a solution for the solution. You can create a solution for the solution. It's a solution for the solution. Find a solution for the solution. Music Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicinaudible Inaudibleinaudible All we will get is how different from strangers. One, two, three, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, fourMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) This is all I need. Thank you very much.Music Music Music Music I am the joy here for you, and it was very great. I have been trying to express this, but it has been my opportunity to have made it through those of my many, many moments of life.INAUDIBLE I am very serious on the top. Very serious. I am initial rough. I think you want something for me to grow.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Sorry. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Now, we need to see how we can put our power in the region. Let's just say we want to do so, so we have to put our momentum to half. We need to listen to the momentum of the beginning. Music Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible There was a tracheca thought.MUSIC Inaudible Remarkinaudible (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Background SoundsinaudibleMusic Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Now, there you go, second, that's fine with the states it's possible, not even possible. What are you saying? Clothes. If you're not out of ideas, you're just doing the same. There you go, and I'm out of ideas.MUSIC >>INAUDIBLEMusic Yeah, I think it's a lot of fun to watch. Yeah. Fuck. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.MusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMUSICinaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE She's on you. She's on you. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I ran a black market for the one who paid, and he's happy about the job. I'm a speedy little boy, because I don't even know what to do to see him in the composition. Here's what I'll be doing today, just get shot up.INAUDIBLE Let's see if you can stand on the way.INAUDIBLE I need a paper. 12 of that, chick. That's not-- I'm sure it's kind of--INAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Inaudible Remark The reason for this exercise is beyond comprehension, except for searching for an important exercise in this part, and so many in fact are there actually in the event to make this system mindless suffering. Otherwise, there are records to the program called "Civilization." My own very important exercise is to make sure that you have the right to do it. I am very, very happy to have you. Thank you. I would not mind about being good enough for something, I think, but my voice, the person who is the record of his death, never bakes a record of himself, and it evolved.Music Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Pause Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSICMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSIC Music Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes This murder, and I'm sorry, but you're one of the best people in the world, I'm the shaker, I'm the bloodstain, the vagabond, the shaker, the radio, the face of the rest of us, I'm the bloodstain, and I object to being the progress of the agent, not a agent, there's a two groups, we end up showing somebody around, and I talk to you about the double, just things, there's a different existence of the progress of the agent. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Now, I think we should work on small job fast, but they seem to shut people, I understand. We used to sort out any of the species to show people we can't consider these things. We can help people. I suppose I have considered it meaningful to observe the policy. They are one. Music Inaudible Remark I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry for the most. Thank you. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)Music Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark That's it.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Inaudible Remark Inaudible MusicinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background SoundsMusicMusic Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible SilenceMUSICno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected It's on the first one. Inaudible RemarkLAUGHTER Background Sounds Shit. Music Music Music Silence Silence Music Music Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusic I've got a lot to see on your myself. I think you're a good girl. You know, in the first episode I'm all 19. Yes, I got to send you to some of the two girls. I was in, but I'm not nervous. I'm not sure. Really, I'm nervous. I mean, you like to be a child of solace. Thanks for that terrible plan and so shall we see my chance? Not so good luck, so we're on some good things. Of course, I don't know what to say. Well, I know what to say. What's more, I know what to say. I'll give you some baby dead. in my crumbling issues, getting birthed to a son. (speaking off mic) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (speaking off mic)INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Just thinking about it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause There's came back to see it, but I don't know what it is, but it's really a joke, it's really a joke, it's really a joke, it's really a joke, it's really a joke, it's really a joke, Background Sounds InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark in a row. These are my outcomes to you. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible That's the end of the video, and then we're going to go to the next one. I don't know. What do you want me to do? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Very good shit, I can't hold on. Thanks for watching. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark But, charitable and easy, with the dollar of dollar, I think I'm so awful. I don't know if you're reaching it or maybe it's an issue and it might fall apart. It goes terrible and it's amazing. But, other than something, it's amazing. to be an anti-fabricant. Basically, anti-fabricant is available either in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the field or in the Oh, I made a board, was I really by a business? I think we're right there. That little baby, they're laughing, and they don't even talk about nothing. But it's not fair, they don't know about it. I think it's just a little bit of a... Ah, should be an official, ah. There's nothing I don't want. Inaudible Remark Why is there many forms in my background? (laughs) I think you're right. We've been pleased to see all of my friends. Not only that, but they've been taught to be the mission of the every patient, Mr. Ford, kind, and they've been told to see me. I've never waited to be there, and so you share. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Bye.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Inaudible Remark Background Sounds I tend to guess it was the same book, the page supports mid-bass band, it's been a long time for a record thing time, that's the record book. I would have a self-readbook, it's Jason and we see the first time he's going to put the book on his letter. Inaudible I've shaded you on my path to the world in things like shape. Yes, yes, there's the ability. It's impossible. I generally think that if you're not just following the solution, please put the exception for the specific things. If you're normal and specific, if you're just trying to challenge it, Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll stick back in the middle of it. I'll move in. I'll stick back in the middle of it. I'll stick back in the middle of it. Okay. So, let's get some. Let's get some. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.MUSIC Music Thank you. Music (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSICMusic I can't understand if you all are kind of, you know, well, because you're going to get so, you'll keep all this from going to change. (audience laughs) (audience laughs) The matter of time, the city is a destiny of trance. (audience laughs) You know it, but I don't know. Well, that achievement is always an out of place. Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music >>Inaudible I'm just going to have to go to the new site. I'm going to have to go to the new site. Yeah. That's almost it. (indistinct) - Should I have been just a moment? (gentle music) (gentle music) (gentle music) (gentle music) (gentle music)inaudibleinaudible project in China. But it's just a little bit of a change in the scene. Well, don't. I've never seen anything like that. That's a little bit of a change in the scene. I've never seen anything like that. I've never seen anything like that. She's dying, you'll cut the dips. It's a bit of a change in the scene. It's a bit of a change in the scene. I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't know why, I don't Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible It happens. You may have noticed the numbers. I tend to get both strong in progression. If they don't, it happens. Now we also have a lot of individuals. We may be together, but we'll see you in a little bit, right? The others are really good sense to me. For the name of that soul to be picked, and for the ear of the beautiful female, the ear of the beautiful female, and the ear of the beautiful female, and this is my line to reach. For a line to be picked, and for a line to reach, and for a line to reach, and for a line to reach, and for a line to reach, and for a line to reach, and for a line to reach, and for a line to reach, and for a line to reach, and for a line to reach, Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music on the screen of this trans-metry of the bottom of the wall. So that's it, it could be chill. We'll need to go into a battery. You know what I feel? Let's see about the look of the same thing. Inaudible Remark Here you go. I've always been trying to let you know that I'm not letting you go on. Go ahead, connect it. All right, I'm going to grab it. I'll just go on. It gets the factor B. You need to say no to the big boy yet. I don't know what I'm going to do. I'll just go on. Oh. What is it? I don't think so. I don't know. I don't know. Inaudible Music Music Music >> So, the next one, that's one of the two pictures of Mr. Berwick. The very first two-year-old, Dr. Berwick's ex-real-life, how can you avoid the idea to change the process of publishing? She goes to the old man, and he's excited to see him, and he goes to the old man.MusicinaudibleinaudibleMusic Music Inaudible Remarkinaudible If you're not going to lose your balance, but if you think that you need to assume if you're a practice user, or if you're something you're going to get down and out of your kids. So, so, those groups, long-term men, can be any of the non-fussed, big choice in trouble, or small growth in everything, so that you're not seeing a better future. Thanks. As always, I'm going to be serving the kids show. Inaudible Remark Music Music MusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark A liberalized execution followed by a little more human involvement. I think that's how they are. The same common one is probably the same. Everyone is talking to me and I suppose that my opinion could be those. to have a ball, and then she didn't do me a ball. We've got a lot. You must try. The joint must remain a good imperative today, and I hope to be able to have sent of self-work. So my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good sir, my good Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (upbeat music) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) And this is a little bit of a calculation process, we've just been in the long, short session for the main rules.Music Music Music Music Music Music Silenceinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm just going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm just going to be a little bit more focused on the game. I'm just going to be a little bit more focused on the game. Music Music Music One, two, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four >> Yes, it's very different, but it's not the only one. That goes very good, it's a very good question. Where else you got to be? >> All right, let's put your back up here. >> They really need to put those back in. They can put you later on uptown to bring your book and you don't need to come out and just open it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Silence >> This is -- Silence Silence I am not going to say that I am not going to say that I am not going to say that I am not going So, this is the last word, the "ra" and the "sh".inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (indistinct)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark If I was just not sure, if I was the first one to find out, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would have been born, you would if I was just not sure, if I was just not sure, if I was just not sure, if I was just not sure, Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark When we do that so full, I can come back and go. It's your country. I'll go possibly, it's your country. If you do, go on. But I'll show you there, that's all too. Inaudible Remark Don't forget to subscribe to the channel and press the bell icon to be notified when I post a video. Thanks for watching! Please sit down, it's totally rubbish. You can just sit down, it's also the first one to be out of here. You can sit down and get inside here. So, symbolic sort of role. Oh, yeah. Right. Don't move. Thank you very much.MUSICMusic I'm going to show out of this shop. I don't know. What should we do? Oh, that's disgusting. You'll be on your screen. I've got something to talk about. I want to be on your screen. I want to be on your screen. I want to be on your screen. I want to be on your screen.Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Silence Inaudible RemarkMusic Thank you for your attention and I'll take care of this from you. Why could it set up so I think those four women would go with those women? Inaudible by any aspect of the most part of the team.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE What do you have to say when it's up? I'll sign. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? I'll sign. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lost. I've lostinaudible and do all how you're going to have a good day and not get it, I don't think so. Thank you. you Thank you.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'll do the best I can. I'll do the best I can. I'll see you this day. What? What's wrong? I'm going to sit on the seat, and I'm going to sit on the seat, and I'm going to sit on the seat, and I'm going to sit on the seat, and I'm going to sit on the seat, and I'm going to sit on the seat, Inaudible Remark I know I've been trying to keep this better as a jobday of friendship and not be needed please. It's well after that very many years ago in the beginning of the year.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE No, and I'm using a second-lead bit, pal. The page around is in the shadows, we know what I'm supposed to do. First of all, I like to involve some of the provision that is in spring age of Class 4, in the direction there is space here. To debate with the chamber, it's just that you can fly a secret at class. Inaudible Remark I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it But that is our being of the law. We can do something. We will look at our actions that we are using. We can do something. We are screening up our lives. Just keep with us, though, and I will give you the chance to make it right again. Under a single cent is the past secret. But one of the single cent is fine, too. But I think I'll throw another one. What if your hearts, or your family's breaking page will continue to spread? What then?inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm going to have to pass and pass. Please. Please. No. Pass. I'm sorry.inaudibleinaudibleMUSICinaudible That is not such bad bad, most people are fine, but I think it's probably going to be a very hard to do that. It's been so long now that it's been a tough time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Music Music Silence So we lost, but what shall I do to you? I'm not happy to see that you have been killed. I've got a fight that I need you on. I've got everything you can always sister. It's not your wonderful home. You've been betrayed, and you've been killed. I'm a partner. I honestly believe in the provisional value of the Native American decision on the major of anti-struse. If it's truly about the business. I'm so big for a second. I'm so big for a second. There's a lot of money to pay. There's nothing for the homeless. What do I do from the beginning? I just go from here. Going from here. Yes. Very cold from last year. I'm not saying I should. Instead of moving. I'm not saying I should. I'm not saying I should. I'm not saying I should.inaudible Inaudible Remark But see, Jimmy. You're shit, see, there you go. So shit, man. Do not. Turn off the camera. You must try to look at me in the hall. No. So slowly. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music Inaudible Remark I think you made it terribly sweet, warm, really good company, really good company, really good company, the children are far from the stuff they do, they are far from the problem, perhaps in the day they'll be able to do it. So we believe again, we never thought we were going to go. 15 years and that's in the middle of all of our things. It's suspicious. I'm sorry, I'm going to be late. You will have to pay for what you've done. Music Background Sounds I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm Inaudible Remark I appreciate the chance of re-vention of the baby to be able to go. Maybe you should have lost your life. Robert, risk is not one. It's so much fun. Don't miss a baby. You can get into that force, and then you're going to be able to move on. You're going to be able to move on. You're going to be able to move on. You're going to be able to move on. You're going to be able to move on. I'm not sure if you can find the charity of Los Angeles, but I'm going to share this with you guys. Hi, Evan, I'm Ben. Over nine. I'm going to be calling you Ben. What's secret, huh? I was thinking about computers, so we're going to call them post-its. Well, I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall. I'm ready to walk to the wall I'm ready to walk to the wall. Would you consider So, I'm going to finish it, let's go. Zany, here we go. Just give it a bit. What I'm talking about, is you're just talking to people who are talking about it. Eat worth this. Secure the chain. Over and over. I did watching it.inaudible I'm going to hear the stories. I'm going to go see them in the years. You know, they both might help. I give them the gentleman that will buy two new ones. They're a financial access code. Some might go all the way down to business. They're saying that he's a fashion. You know what? You invested in your own business. But it's a profit flows. I've had a run-back lock. Oh, great.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music Music I was afraid to go out and start the game, but it was a challenge for me to go out and play the game.inaudibleinaudible The line is voltage and the main problem. You may hear whatever works well. It's deep from being messed up. It's very difficult. It's 5,000 euro backwards. It comes with a less than a less powerful principle. It's it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Sir.inaudibleinaudible Sir.inaudible Sir.inaudible Sir.MUSICinaudible Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I think it should be.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMUSIC (indistinct chatter) MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark but the last is a bit of a reference. - No, I don't think it was fainted to do anything. - Well, shame, no shame. - Ah, I see a little bit of that. - I see a little bit of that. - She's probably tenable of the shows. I just think we must come together there. This one, I think, this one, I think, this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this one, I think this oneMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Hi, that's the time of the sun, you can believe me, Harry. Pass. Alright, I've accepted. We'll be off on the grid. But tell us in a minute. Very interesting. Not a sh*t. I'll say 100 times, it's not this big of a deal, but I'll try to get them on with them to see how it can happen. You'll find me in my friend's room.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Music Music Inaudible Remark So before that, I'm going to show you a page of the 17th page. I'll give it a second pass. So I'm going to have to sign up for the page. So I'm going to sign up for the next page. Music >> Thank you. Silence >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Silence I'm going to go into a show. Next, I'm going to go to the very best thing in my play. I'm going to go into this, and I'm still so confident that I'm not going to be able to do it. What is this? What was you doing?Music Inaudible RemarkMusic I promise, you're a hundred eights. It's like a one-fourth, five, you should be nice. That would be a better one. Pretty good. Overview. Don't let me. (laughs) Yeah. Fuck this. You shay not. I do not. Not for lunch. Music >> Wonderful. I'm just here to say the one thing that I'm going to say is something that's good.inaudibleINAUDIBLE Wow, is it?INAUDIBLE I'm not looking back.INAUDIBLE I don't know. No. But I'm pretty sure that they respect me better. Perfect.INAUDIBLE Inaudible I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more, I'm going to try to do a little more So the queen of the power, the woman who lives in the back of one, is matched only by her beauty, that charm. So I have to say, you're not sure if it is.inaudible a body routine, perhaps you should consider the form of the next issue. I'm the foundation for your neck. Instinct your neck. You deserve nothing else. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE MusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicinaudible (audience laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible But seriously, the model is all I have to say, one of the more open-door facilities in the world is in the meantime. This is a place we have been pretty busy with, and you're excluding our online development management. It seems to be a place we've been working on. So the most important thing is to get ahead of all. I'm shaking my hands. I'm shaking my hands. I'm shaking my hands. I'm shaking my hands. I'm shaking my hands. I'm shaking my hands. I'm shaking my hands. I'm shaking my hands. I'm shaking my hands. Music Background Sounds Background Sounds This site is a picture of all that we need to remember and then just all the other things.Music Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEMUSIC It's dark. It's red. I'm the chicken for nothing, I still hold a minute so it's nice. I was in the fog tomorrow, she thought I didn't take it with you. What? What? What? What? Sure, sure. Oh, I feel a bit selfish. I never should talk about what will happen now. I don't know how sure I am. Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible InaudibleMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We do just curious about the contents of the process. So let me take this out of the box. On the box process, we'll show you the metrics of the granular dependencies. You can see the feedback.MusicMusicMUSICMUSIC Music >> Here's a problem. Inaudible Remark  I'm not a happy drum man  Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds  I still believe in you, who made my book back.   You promised me the call of the police,   but in my window, I promised you one quarter   but I always have to expense.   Expected or expected, in honor of the cost.   Overfaith, pre-calculation.   That's it.  The way maybe you'll regret it if that's a nightmare title. I've been shot to it and didn't need someone to help me. I've been crying every day every day. I've heard from the girls that I've been crying. I've been crying every day. I've been crying every day. I've been crying every day. I've been crying every day. I've been crying every day. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) and with machines, well done.inaudibleinaudible I think it's exactly the kind of toll the number failure to scan your route when they come out. That's something that's not having any internal policies. So, I'll try to click on that. I'll try to click on that. I'll try to push it.Sighs No, that's for you. You may have possibly worked in prison, but for a minute, many more people are looking for new young children. For the day I do, I've got to play part of the part that I will need to assist in an energy control. They deserve to be distracted. Music >> That's it. I'm going to come down here, help. Yes sir. Music >> authoring the recipe last day. Do anybody just find a stamp? No, no. I feel like fine. I don't think anyone would be bothered to help me. I think anybody will help me. But don't worry about it. I'll go and get you a copy. Maybe return for one. Nothing. Don't you know that all? Oh. See you.Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Number one, do you know what I'm saying? The same sound, the ball number, I still have a few things to do. The engineer had a different set, but all the set, all the rest of things are hard to copy. All right. Thank you, Patrick. Go along. Have a nice day. Music I really appreciate it. Inaudible Remarkinaudible So, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun.inaudible This lady changed in my office, didn't get a speck of spades in here with her just for the call. Action. You're serious. That's more than a big amount to me. Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MUSIC So this came to tell me that you will be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked to be asked toMUSICMUSICMusic If you're having trouble doing so, if you're having a shy and a direct contact at the moment, you're going to find a contact at the moment. As much as I want to be, we should have as much as I want to be. Or as a big problem. It's over in the moment. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic Music Music Music Music Music Inaudible Remark for your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good, your own good,Music Background Sounds Background Sounds (indistinct)inaudibleinaudible Music Inaudibleinaudible So I'm going to have a phone call.LAUGHTERINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music (indistinct) - Here is definitely a duckling out. Oh, here. (indistinct) (indistinct) This is how I'm going to see if we can get out and sit there with their tail, or very much alike. We'll let you perhaps...Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds SilencePause Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Thank you very much. (indistinct) Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible So, I'm trying to start with a single version of the tape. It'll still align for me and take it to the soil. So, I wish I gave it a good view of the tape. That was shit with tape. Now, I'm going to start with the tape. I can see that tape on the tape. I thought you were going to put the tape on the tape. You want to see it? Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSICinaudible We are not in an investigation. The cyclone up in the shore of the instrument should be well-formed, and those circumstances will change in the class of the instrument, and the Pigeons will be intelligent. So the water and the stars should be well-formed, and the Pigeons will be dealt with, and they don't. This is any possibility. Not to have any competition. Sure, I'll have a sheer assignment to get this awesome. I'm not sure I'm going to be able to stay out of tune. It's surely going to be a lot of music. It's a lot of music. I'm going to be able to stay out of tune. I'm going to be able to stay out of tune. I'm going to be able to stay out of tune. I'm going to be able to stay out of tune. I'm going to be able to stay out of tune. InaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I hear this. There is another thing for us. It's a most careful vehicle search, like a 4-hour car and a 2-inch. What a nice choice. My date was insane. Hi, my name is Natalie D. I've been on a show and lots of other children. They were almost all of a day.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music So, it's something I need to go ahead and start chasing out. Okay, so you got it. Okay. Background Sounds Background Sounds >> And see, you might be seeing a picture of it. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Keep it in touch with that problem, she made it as a learning job. I told her to check on the register, so you go to her on the bottom. I'll give you all of it. It's an end-name that I bear on the top of it. It's a spreadsheet, a spreadsheet, and she found it also. Background Sounds to be honest with you, sir. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE I'll keep in secret because I'm in that way, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's a community, it's (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. I'm going to show you a little bit more. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I hope it will be a useful place to be in a long position. I hope it will be a safe. Ah, excuse me. If I have another failure, I'm going to be innocent. But you see, yes, I'm certain that I'm going to be innocent, and even so comfortable, There are some all-crime, with a possibility of senses and doubt by a little term in a word of life to a human being. Yes, they get a bit of solid blood, they get a lot of blood, so they don't need to be. It's a bad experience, so you need to be patient.inaudibleinaudible to get your education out of danger and your change in IPP. People have not been here to get in for going to all I've got. It's, I'll keep you moving and I'll take my life. Your life's. Two, three, five, pushes. It's going to be a good time. I'm not a bird, but I accept it, but you're a little stupid, you're so stupid, just like these two people. Just over the hours. So, still, the logo of the quilted security office back in the middle of the room there, contract. People have read the lots and lots and lots of security apps. If the team of the party they give us all the time, we should not be finding the tools to try and close it. We do. So, they're having to do that. We'll take care of it. (laughs) - Can you tell us how to do that? - No sir. - I think I'll be going back to India. - We could cheer you up and keep it. So let the minutes come so that we don't walk the reaction to making a camp in the garden of the Indian garden of the plant. This is a really good communication. But it's the part of our community. and you depend on your own, your own, and there's three seats on the floor. There's three seats on the floor. I was at the same time as yesterday, and I thought I'd go see the windows. But then it had come, and we saw where I was sitting. The third half of it had come up. I think that even in the possible and self-aware, at the same time, it's a good decision.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic I'm going to talk on my signal, but I'm going to have to do it. I'm sure it's going to come to open. It's going to be a little too bad. It's going to be a little too bad. It's going to be a little too bad. It's going to be a little too bad. It's going to be a little too bad. It's going to be a little too bad. It's going to be a little too bad. It's going to be a little too bad. It's going to be a little too bad. It's going to be a little too bad. It's going to be a little too bad. Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Okay, excuse me. Okay, excuse me. Okay.MUSIC Music Inaudible Remark Music I'm a bit slanted, you know, a bit of a black and white, but I can't help it. Don't worry, it's healthy, I'm fine for me. All traces of that seems so special. Last one, press it. It's hard without a bomb. I'll find a signal from one. I can do it. Music Background Sounds about a second. I have no idea what it means. I have no idea what it means. I have no idea what it means. I have no idea what it means. I have no idea what it means. I have no idea what it means. I have no idea what it means. I have no idea what it means. I have no idea what it means. I have no idea what it means. I have no idea what it means. I think it's very similar to being part of your life, you're not a beautiful position. The downtown corner is the Latina. It's the Latina. It's the Latina. Music Music Silence Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Spots everywhere, and shit city, they should know how to identify it.inaudibleinaudibleMUSICMUSICINAUDIBLE and count the results. Inaudible Remark Oh, well, that's a good one. It's a dog looking. One, two, three, right. Celebration will be an invention. For the time being, both of them. Well, that's all I'm thinking about. So I do take it back to the door. There you are. Those room stations follow. No. No. No. No. No. No. It's not out.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you so much. InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPausePausePause Inaudible Remark Music Thank you very much. and you're not going to share your own thoughts. Thank you. I love you. Thank you very much. Such a supportive time. Thank you. Thank you very much. I want to see two of these five five five five five five five five five Bye-bye.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Now, time for you to see the green part of the yellow hat on top, so that the green hat is on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat on top of the yellow hat onINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible I really should see him as parents. Music I thought we'd have toast if everything was all right. I could be done with the conversation. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. with them in front of the office, and the explanations should be kept. Wash and slide out just in case of it. The computer is freezing. Yeah, it's warm. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I definitely didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didn't see it, I didnMusic So, it's great to be able to come up with a great set of challenges. Thank you very much. We should finish the choice. Silence Silence (inaudible) (inaudible)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible That's it. There you go. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark still have a new one, okay? Okay, let's go, let's go. So, it's a bit of a sense that you will try to put more information on it, it's an exception and it's a case and a pass and a pass and a pass. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds If you got any indication of passport activity, you got any information? I guess it's a lot of your words to them. They're really talking about the same company. That's a whole thing that is out of the answer. The key one, which you need to be able to feel right now. You should be able to get it right. They would be allowing you to have the opportunity to say to your boss right. You need to be able to work with them. Music Inaudible Remark Silence (inaudible) (inaudible)INAUDIBLE But why can't I stay out? Didn't she get the food she could go into the bathroom and sit for the last? But we already showed up there after the buildings and the walk-in and everything. We thought a lot was going to be the store of the project. Even though we should know where we're putting it. Well, probably we're going to do the house to eliminate everything that we've been doing for years and such. We'll clean it up to the building. and the system should be parallel, but along the larger depth, the larger the views, that's really used to the difference in the depth, but it is actually especially when it is densely defined or complex.Music Musicinaudible He was a sort of a lost man, that said, "They can't do that for me." "We will be the blind cutter." "They can even go with both of us, but..." "Did you like them to become a big guy?" "They're here." "They know them, they're going to double the start of them all." "They're very successful, they're very different." "They're locked out, that's been so many conditions." The broadband versions. They may have that yet. Well, also, the version you look at in the situation is well. The service, the digital service, the service. Birds of the digital service.Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC and what she was in the bottom of her head around a lot of the street. What these bezers gave us? It's anything else that strengthens us to cry. Fire means it's seen in the world. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsinaudibleMUSIC I have my patient better than the one we should be asking for as far as I want to think about our patient. You see, we plan to discuss this. But it is not certain. Or it's not. It's been in our hands. It's been in our hands. It's been in our hands. It's been in our hands. It's been in our hands. It's been in our hands. Inaudible Remark Background noise >> Thank you. Music Musicinaudible to work right here, not so long at the age of time for our system, for how our working system, for how we work right here, not so long at the age of time for our system, I'm interested in that in straight, that's 52 miles. I don't even know what I'm going to be alive. I'm just going to slow this down. I figured it would be enough to try to write books on the table of the book, but I'm just going to go on with the writers. Go on. It's a dramatic way to feel the struggle to speak. Those who can study in the A to R. Well that's a great way to do it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC these systems. That's been first of all after the vaccination. It's Saturday, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday. She said, "Here is the percent of the numbers." I didn't even know. I didn't even know the numbers. She said, "I have a box of phones, so I can't buy a gift." I said, "I can't buy a gift." I said, "I can't buy a gift." I said, "I can't buy a gift." I said, "I can't buy a gift."MusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC You can talk to your wife and show her a hug. I want to put one of my hands down. You say something? No. You say something? No. You say something? No. You say something? No. You say something? No. Music >> That's it for the process. Inaudible Remark That was a good change video, yeah, let us know in the comments. Well, regardless, I will appreciate your push and help you to use it. The Bible made me a whole lot about the baby of the Christmas. We are doing our very best to ensure that we have good installs. The gospel of mine, God, for you will save us, and I tell you, we don't know that. Sister, baby, don't you see?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Music Music Music Music Music Music >>Inaudible >>Inaudible >>Inaudible Just like, did it make the house a little bit more heavy?INAUDIBLE Okay. I'm taking a personal off. Okay. So, it's all on the queue. It gets in that time. Okay. But maybe we'll act in one of these lines for all those lines. I'm sorry, I can't understand. Oh, but I'm sorry, I can't understand. Oh, but I'm sorry, I can't understand. Oh, but I'm sorry, I can't understand. Oh, but I'm sorry, I can't understand. Oh, but I'm sorry, I can't understand. Oh, but I'm sorry, I can't understand. Oh, but I'm sorry, I can't understand. Oh, but I'm sorry, I can't understand. Oh, but I'm sorry, I can't understand. Oh, but I'm sorry, I can't understand. Oh, but I'm sorry, I can't understand. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I don't know if you're supposed to do a lot of things, but see what you do when you're here, I don't know if you're supposed to do a lot of things, but see what you do when you're here, I don't know if you're supposed to do a lot of things, but see what you do when you're here, I don't know if you're supposed to do a lot of things, but see what you do when you're here, I don't know if you're supposed to do a lot of things, but see what you do when you're here, I don't know if you're supposed to do a lot of things, but see what you do when you're here, I don't know if you're supposed to do a lot of things, but see what you do when you're here, I don't know if you're supposed to do a lot of things, but see what you do when you're here, I don't know if you're supposed to do a lot of things, but see what youinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to put it in the lower down position. I'll put it in the back of the seat. I'll get off on the bathroom with the kids, yes. I don't know if you know the camera or I'm feeling the studio just going on, just like I already did on. I can't even tell if you know what I'm just really, I'm sorry I didn't get it. I'm sure it's all about the shows you're going to be able to show up now. I'm sure it's your baby. I'm sure it's all about the shows you're going to be able to show up now. I'm sure it's all about the shows you're going to be able to show up now. Inaudible Remark very bad right now. Inaudible Remark We'd rather not have just shown that there were other people. Now, by finish, not for, this isn't sick. I haven't physically taken this last time before. Let's die, if you'd like to. That's it, isn't it? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Background Sounds Background Sounds So space and ceiling, five feet below the bridge. The graphic value, the level of the graphic value, the level of the building, the level of the ceiling, the level of the ceiling, the level of the ceiling. Besides, it's just how we built by the ceiling. Remember, it's one feet below the bridge.MUSICMUSIC I would like to talk to you. Inaudible Inaudible Remark I love the access to super high levels. Right. I started asking you to go home to the toilets. I really need to walk on a flat on the right. That's your part. Yes, it's true. Pause That's how you're going to grow the skin, baby.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark I'm not going to get any further comments. Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Background Soundsinaudible I don't know why I'm speaking to you. You're not having a bite. Well, just a smell of thyme.inaudibleinaudible I don't know what this is. I don't know what this is.inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just saying something, I'm just The stranded ball, the riding bus, it should start at 275-204-757. Yeah. You can go up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up Yeah. Music Inaudible Remark Background noise Inaudible Remark Music Music Okay, now I'm just saying we should have these other panels from your finish, but let's first do so. We'll start with that. It's made in sync. I'll get into that. It's more normal than that, so I'm just purely not. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I have to talk to you guys soon, I don't know if you guys are interested in these days. Basically, right up and up, 30 new votes can be made by the government, and the government policy would be a long period. But this is a standard thing. It's a state of the rights of rights. They've been involved in the procedure. So I was forced to do that. So what seems to have happened? I'm not going to talk about it. I'm going to talk about it. I'm going to talk about it. I'm going to talk about it. I'm going to talk about it. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Music Yeah, so we're against you all right? Get set, we're going to.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC (upbeat music) I am just trying to understand what you're getting involved in. But the systems are all thinking, see the message, they're going to be different. They don't necessarily see any new evidence. As a matter of fact, there's all kinds of security in reading the side of the problem, and it's really a piece of dancing that installs that I'm still in primary position, you know. Oh come on, come on. (laughter) (laughter) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds I'll be okay with the last one next time.Music Change. Don't get in. Yeah.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds the human-shaped systems.Music (audience laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) zero and Merck. We're going to do it with those things, just to face it all, just to make sure that we're not going to have a lot more. While the bride, she and the bride are going to do the same stuff. If you want a battle, then most of the bride is going to be in the right situations. There's been some sort of a tingle of this service. Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSICMusic Music I'm going to switch it to the other side. Inaudible Remark Just be, it's not going to hatch locked to us in 30 seconds.Music All main officers are sent to the building site. What are we going to do now? Let me see. What's going to be for us? We're going to have you guys see what we're going to do. I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you, I don't know if I can make onto you The big zones, that are big, we want them to move. The most important zone takes the cinnamon form above the location of the zones. The most important zone takes the cinnamon form above the location of the zones. Music (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't want the rocket. Dr. Benito? Dr. Benito? Dr. Benito? Dr. Benito? Dr. Benito? Dr. Benito? Dr. Benito? Dr. Benito? Dr. Benito? Dr. Benito? Dr. Benito? Inaudible Remark for a lot of companies, for governments, for all people who have been there, and that's something that they saw for them. Perhaps our entire delegation can go from a big bullet to a big bullet, because you will never be there in the case of it. So that we know no more citizens, there is no more monsters.inaudibleMusicMUSICSOUNDMUSIC Background Sounds >> Station bottom. Inaudible Remark We've got just lots of them on the phone, we've got four. We've got the active set up facility, we've got six systems. We've got seven different systems. Those are our five. You're not sure about it. Just to tell, I'll draw one. I don't want to put these in both. We have to learn to make it easier. I have a bunch of elevators on the side of the freezer. So, I'm going to show you the last one I got to be great at seeing you on that time, and I had a total sensation.INAUDIBLE out that we have a fee in transport operation 10 minutes to 1 o'clock and that's a pretty good deal. Now, I didn't know it was transport, but it's fairly good. It's somehow 9 minutes, 53 seconds. I don't know how many people. But for a day then, it's a big deal. So it's a second period. That's the only solution, and also, well, James Floyd bought me a CD. So, one thing before a 70-bit EP. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. You know, he's scratching off the curve ball. 4-1-3-0-1. Pepper. It's been a pleasure already. Welcome to the 16-year-old Kalaman kids from the U.S. and I should have been a perfect place to set a book on. During those stressful days, they're reading live forms, humor-like forms. I haven't seen anything in a long time. I've seen a lot of something. I think it's some kind of a low level of doing that feeling that I'm going to go out and do my medications. I think it's some kind of a low level of doing that feeling that I'm going to go out and do my medications. I think it's also a good way to do it. I think it's a good way to do it. We'll have a bit of watch. I don't know, but I might have something to do with anything in there, since we've got a big model of college and everything in the past, because we're going to have a high-time period of it all. What's your name's up?MUSIC Music Music Music Music MusicMUSICinaudible I was just mad at him, and he'd seen it in the long run. But he was over some of his surroundings, and what I feel was like when he said, "Oh, I'm going to slide. We can't do this." So I spilt it up, like it was on his feet, and he'd just remember how I did it in between it, and when he was over, I said, "It's in front of me." I said, "Oh, what are you saying? It's in the middle of the internet." And in fact, we had people being in the middle of the internet, and we were all in the middle of the internet.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) Music Inaudible Remark All this time, given it, it's an embedded file. Welcome to my home. I hope you're doing well. Okay. Thank you, thank you very much. You're welcome. We won't take the opportunity. All of us have some time. Have you started talking? Yeah. It's just a worthwhile experience. There are short range.inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Our engines fail almost again simply as soon as the wind blows out of the bombs and turns forward. It's certainly possible to try to get some change. Virginia, you heard from Martin, you're all around the start of the field of the past. It's a success. You know, you're going to get some change. Five years done pretty well. About five quarters. The enemy bird is back in the middle. That's all, human thought, how do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise If the boss had to be all up and be everything I could do, he had to be honest and be happy with everything he could do, and all of us. We'll be taking part in this soon. We'll be coming soon. Tell the police who's the balance of that. Music Inaudible Remarkinaudible to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able to get a job, to be able InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Okay. There's a little bit of distance. Inaudible Background noise Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry Background Sounds Background Sounds Pause >> We need to change some more, I don't want you to look now. We need to go on. >> No.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm sorry, I've never seen the ball on the ball on the whole. I'll like you.Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence SilenceBellBellBEEPING (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping)Birds chirping Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark He is not better than how he should be. Yes, he should go on a date. You have to go to the date? No, this is supposed to be his own life right now. The material of my debt is told by all of my presidential page. Yes, this is something. Yes. It's like a game. It's a game. It's all out of house. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Music >> So much. I'm not sure. That was fine. I'm just wondering if you just wanted to put a spell over that point, and you're sure you're not saying it. Well, as you go along, just say it right.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I can make you feel it's past, it's a lot of different things. I can hold things there. I can make you feel it's a lot of different things. I can hold things there. I can hold things there. Music Background Sounds Background noise Background noiseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Just use a pen and a simple water. There it is, it's a pretty good fit. Well, there you go. Now we can leave to the south, and then turn the house. Walk the path that you didn't want to tell me about. Maybe that's what the south is like now.inaudibleinaudibleMusic I have looked at all the boy years, I don't have everything, everything, and here, I just got to first you tell all of them to come to my office, yeah, let me write it for you, there's English. I won't be needing you anymore sir, by the way, the turkey devil is having a play. I appreciate it, but for now, I need you there, I want it. Just there we are, we tried to beat you. We're going to get back to Seattle, and we're going to be getting back to the mall.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE (indistinct) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark MusicMUSIC We are going to be able to help them start a press.inaudible Josh, can I make a smile?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, perhaps you should get rid of this bit.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm sorry, but it is. I was on my job with Destiny, where is she sleeping? Is that a good time? Yes, of course, Magic. You know, if I were to clean this vision, I would have had the chances of using a whole conclusion. So my favorite thing is, I live in my husband's country. But it means to go into that. So what are you doing? What am I doing there? Inaudible Inaudibleinaudible and then you can just spend a little bit of your day to be sure you're sure you're fine. But I've learned a lot. I've learned a lot. I've learned a lot. I've learned a lot. I've learned a lot. I've learned a lot. I've learned a lot. I've learned a lot. I've learned a lot.Music Music I see things that are best for all the future. You're a woman. I have. I am here to tell you when to death fuck. Just give us here. I'm sure she was a cop or two of you. I'm tired of everything, nothing. Boy, I know you can put it in the stumps. How's it going? Nothing. There's flames. There was something in the fire.MUSIC Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Oh, it's so nice. Oh, I think it's good to hear the volume. So, it's good to hear it. It may just show up, but it's good to hear the volume. Oh, yeah. It's good to hear the volume. It's good to hear the volume. So, it's good to hear the volume. So, it's good to hear the volume. But I think it's good to hear the volume. I'm so happy to hear the volume. I'm so happy to hear the volume. >>INAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) No, me, sir, I can talk to you about that. Inaudible Remark Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, we'll see you guys next time with a quick walk over to the next slide.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, I have a few little things to call to your heart. For me, I have a question for you. Yes, I have a question for you. (indistinct) don't hold back things in here this evening, and the other guy here saw what I was inside, and since I remember, I think it was hard. It's a bad idea to see if you're a constant position. You know what I mean? You use yourself. Otherwise, you wouldn't believe the name, you'd hear the name. (laughs) (laughs) So that I can watch the invitation. Come here. (laughs) Make your own little... (laughs) Start. Just one. (laughs) So get in here. Here. He made anything. to do this, but just think, is that true? Yes, but if it's not true, then it won't be true or false. Even if it's true, it's not true. Is that it's true? I'm not going to say it, but I know that it's too old. She gave it to me.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark The head, I see, is the dawn of the people of the future. It's strange for a month and so near, or a month of joy. A sudden check in the room. Great description. Inaudible Remark What are we going to do now, is that there is something, something, something, something I think you can throw a straw, the feeling of being full of power, yeah. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudible Background noise Background noise Background noise Pause Inaudible Remark I'm sure I'll take a number. I'm going to join it. Districtions about what? Perfection. Perfection. Oh, it's all my friend. Save my life. Yes.INAUDIBLE (indistinct) Inaudible Remark So, touch me, touch them, thing up. Your father. You'll call me the average human. You'll call me the average human. You know. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark >>INAUDIBLE >> No, there's not one of theseINAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark We are so much, so much. Nearly. Thank you. Thank you. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible InaudibleMUSIC Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark This song is cute. Cute? That's your first one. You can't go with cute. I'm going to get you a queer farm.inaudible Background noise Background noise Silence Inaudible Remark But go back to our world, let's see. I'll tell you what's all the smoke going in. Yeah. We should be in a real fireball. Fireball was a problem. In the sand. Pause >> Speaking in foreign languageINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Well, we're not allowed to be in an efficient investigation, and everything's both going to be Heaven. Yes, sir.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Music Music Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Get it, it is covered. Okay. Okay.MusicMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So from town, I'm ready to talk to you. I wish I knew about this. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Hello. Hello. Good to see you. You're going to have to go back, yes. Yeah, though, I've learned like that pizza. Yeah, sure. I was not wearing my touch. It's such a-- Yeah, I've learned that pizza, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the point. What if he doesn't eat? Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, I'm going to go to the next slide, and I'm going to go to the next slide, I'm going to go to the next slide. Inaudible RemarkMusic Silence Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Background Sounds Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Background Sounds Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Any move? One of the thoughts, Jean, you want to see us, yeah?PausePause You're a little bit too close.Pause We can tell you, we can tell you. You're a little bit too close. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) >>INAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusicinaudibleinaudible I'm not going to stop you. I'm not going to stop you. I'm not going to stop you. I'm not going to stop you.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark As an inner, astral, the midget, the night, the heavy rhythm, the principle of fact, the death itself provided for the essence of human soul in the face. As a medium, as a mountain, the earth has been given off to the interests of the people, and the earth has been given off to the people, and the earth has been given off to the people.inaudible InaudibleMusicinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusicinaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Musicinaudible InaudibleinaudibleMusicinaudibleinaudibleMusicinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible So, I'm just going to have to do that. You know, I can still see. So, I'm just going to have to do that. So, I'm just going to have to do that. Thank you. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Inaudible Inaudible Remark So, I am going to do a little bit of the same thing, I am going to do a little bit of the same thing, I am going to do a little bit of the same thing, I am going to do a little bit of the same thing, I am going to do a little bit of the same thing, I am going to do a little bit of the same thing, I am going to do a little bit of the same thing, I am going to do a little bit of the Thank you very much.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So, I'm going to start with this one. Inaudible Remark Silence Thank you very much.MusicMusic That's it, you're making a lot of money for my time. It's not true, it's not true. It's not true, it's not true. It's not true, it's not true. It's not true, it's not true. It's not true, it's not true. It's not true, it's not true. It's not true, it's not true. It's not true, it's not true. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Inaudible Remark We're going to send it to be sent to send it to you. Inaudible RemarkMusic (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible)MUSIC Inaudible Remarkinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds  And so, she is not happy   She has been the one   She has been the one   She has been the one   She has been the one   She has been the one  Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusicMusic Music Background Sounds Music Background SoundsMUSICMusicMUSIC So, we're going to take it to the next committee. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Music So, you know, let's see what we've done to show you. We've gone shopping space and came back safe. We've been seeing safe, fast and clean. We've gone shopping and came back safe. So, let's see what we've done to show you. We've been seeing things. InaudibleMUSIC Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence So I'm going to start with the first one, the first one, the first one, the first one, the first one, the first one, the first one, the first one, the first one, the first one, That's not a good answer. Oh, that's a good answer. I don't know if you can tell it's a good answer. You know, all of the people in the park are directed to the community for feedback. Is there anything you'd like me to say to you? But no, I'm talking about that. Well, I'm going to go to the community where you'd like me to go to the community and you can go to the community. Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you for watching this show. Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleINAUDIBLE Bye. Bye.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Thank you very much.Music InaudibleinaudibleMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language)MUSIC InaudibleMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Silenceinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause Thank you. So we can certainly do that for you, but not for the long term itself, but for the long term itself. So we can certainly do that for you, but not for the long term itself. Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.MUSICMUSIC (clicking sound)INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark And I'll pay for that, and I want some Latin GDNAs you see here, can you? Over.MUSIC PLAYINGINAUDIBLEMusicMUSIC Pause Pause InaudibleMusic Music Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceMUSIC Music Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Background noise Background noiseMUSIC Music Silence Music Music Silence Inaudible Remark Music Music So, by the way, that's it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE MusicINAUDIBLE Not seeing the other sense, it's impossible to engage in things like that. Often you don't know how to do it, but it's not over. So we're going to bounce to our side and make sure our ingredients are all working. This book is on the season.MUSIC Silence Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence >> What? >> This is an online camera. We step to the same way. So, access is rather bad in terms of how to do what you can do.Music Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background noise Background noise (indistinct) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible All the way to services.MusicMusic Background noise Background noise and we have to go now. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark for lives. When are we going to speak to a lot of other people in the discussions? There is no situation. A kind of a loss of work is nothing. I've been standing ready for a minute and straightening over 80,000 straightening and they are the people of the very best state of the country, the worst state. If God is being mocked by me, so you can have men outdone and outdone. There are many inside the family. I'm getting some height. Your body needs some usefulness of the well inside of your body. You can speak with your head down. Less range for the body. Just a minute. Lower your head. That is the end. To your head. Well, I am the engineer, I can't do that. So I must say, from the lock you can go on a stage, I can do this. It's too little to get into the lock. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Pause I'm going to sit here, and I'm going to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there to get there toPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible No, no, no, no, no! That's big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big I'll be there in the future, in the world of time. (speaking in foreign language) Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think lower than 5, 3, down and down. I don't know, I think I'm going to have to wash it too much. Right? You didn't do a high-end wash, 3, 5, 8. Thank you. Talk. Have a good night. See you. All in Egypt we show some say, "Oh, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, I'm sick, Silence So, this is for X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, Inaudible Remark I'm going to see Zah. I'm going to see you in the evening. Thank you. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. I'm going to rest up. Thank you. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. My son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, Background Sounds (singing in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark If we are a society, we don't see anybody with drugs and bad things. Thank you. Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) and it's a fire board and it can't act myself. (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Wrong. I'm actually more searching for things left. We're on the internet, so I'm not going to discuss it. I'm not going to discuss it. I'm not going to discuss it. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Down, fuck's ball. I don't see it. (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Stay in the room, you can't really work very well, you can't work very well, you can't work very well. I'm very very glad to see you, we can see the doctor very close to him. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark A long life. A diplomacy must ever miss. Now, thinking about that is important for me. Well, the results of this favor, but the next.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm gonna sit here, chill. We'll share the weeks for America and today.Musicinaudible Inaudible Remark (audience laughs) - See, that's what I did, and that. (audience laughs) We should be able to seek the right foot down, miss. We should be able to get the right foot down, miss, miss.Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I'll take it off this table, this is for the people of Singapore.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'll leave you. You're seeing all of them. You're seeing all of them. Just teach the great geniuses. It's the boss I don't teach. Aw. It should always be several geniuses again. The boss won. Yeah. Stop it. Stop it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm Bob, I'm Tick Shirts, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a President, I'm a (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) One question, do you want to get into this? No, I'm not very good at that. Now give him this. This is not good for instance, or so. Please. Please. Please. You want to see everyone? Music Cheers. Music Music Music Music Music Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Background noiseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Wait for me, uh, uh, uh, sorry, you called me, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh I'm going to go back down. What is this? My bones. I'm going to go back down. I'm going to go back down. Thank you very much. Music Inaudible Remark Music Silence Silence I thought I don't think I should be. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And the one who didn't see the fact that no one heard from the power of this Sunday, judges didn't know what to have never done a necessary record. It's another famous music record. Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible and find these really sugargins to find. We'll change you something more interesting. This is the graphic point. You have a point. Maybe it's a brush. Bad. Is it going to work like that? Yeah. Good luck. Good luck. It is super simple. It's not. It's. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not.silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Background noise I'm trying to meet nuts and a list of the jets. Why are they using it? We might pause, but we're not going to discuss it. That's really going to be. I put you out of the middle of a slager that took the conflict in your ship. That would be kind of to make the 20th century a worthy event. This is going to be a great deal. and the situation is totally imaginary. I mean, that brings us to the end of the day. The end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day, the end of We are in a state of mind, in a state of mind, in a state of mind, in a state of mind. This is a new experience that I cannot really believe in, and what I do, that I can further figure into serving to assist ship to Massage. But of course, it is an old method. Why should I keep being grateful to you? You know the status, to be grateful to you. Dr. Slimy, you should have been able to express your feelings for our King and the Father. 20 years ago, all of this was in all super-spirited. by the service line, it's a human nation. One month, one month. Basically, it's a global community, and then a fair and single grateful nation. The American Disclosure.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible with any role we can find. We'll be wishing to believe that we can take this role. You know what's wrong? The student has a spot. He is a member. We have to stay the right to ask you, with being not blowing up in English, so I'm very good to be a panelist. We have to stay the right to ask you, with being not blowing up in English. So I'm very good to be a panelist. We have to stay the right to ask you, with being not blowing up in English. So I'm very good to be a panelist. We have to stay the right to ask you, with being not blowing up in English. So I'm very good to be a panelist. We have to stay the right to ask you, with being not blowing up in English. So I'm very good to be a panelist. We have to stay the right to ask you, with being not blowing up in English. Inaudible Remark I'm not saying I'm going to pay you a passport, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to say I'm going to pay you a passport, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to say I'm going to pay you a passport, I'm going to pay you a passport, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to say I'm going to pay you a passport, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to say I'm going to pay you a passport, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to say I'm going to pay you a passport, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to say I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm going to post a sheet, I'm not saying I'm going to pay you a passport, I'm not saying I'm going to pay you a passport,inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Silence Silence Music Silence I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. I think service is a lie. No, I hope you just need a pleasant look to find things and adventures inside the house and this is the kind of things that you want to mention. Perhaps you'll be there to be learned to read and grow. You have to simply leave. Let one of our own decisions be made. Inaudible Remark that you might see with that, you're not going to be able to do it for the most part of the future. You're not going to be able to do it for the most part of the future. You're not going to be able to do it for the most part of the future. You're not going to be able to do it for the most part of the future. You're not going to be able to do it for the most part of the future. You're not going to be able to do it for the most part of the future. You're not going to be able to do it for the most part of the future. You're not going to be able to do it for the most part of the future. You're not going to be able to do it for the most part of the future. You're not going to be able to do it for the most part of the future. You're not going to be able to do it for the most part of the future. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music (whispering) Music Music Music I'm going to share that. Don't let me be here to tell you how to do this. But not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the only one who is not the (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic)Music Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I just want to shoot the spots in here. What else should I say?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (laughter) (indistinct chatter) - There's a, I'll take the shirt. (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm happy to be on a fly, but I had to keep both of those.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible that are not so bad to be able to find a greater reason to keep it, and yet, you stick across the table from this, and that the ships can carry that onboarding cargo to exchange for which they are spot on. Thank you. Background noise Background noise Background noise is that what I'm thinking? Inaudible Remark We should not be prepared for this. We are following the values we see with the dual being, the number, the number of things. We have always said tonight, say this to me. Yes. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible I'm going to be very, very excited. I really didn't told them. I wish to be able to see them once. I'm not going to be able to see them once. I know, I mean, it's not a question, but I was so never thinking for the both-swearing group or American gypsies. I grew up in the United States, so I'm not talking about time, but I'm trying to figure out the same thing. Inaudible Remark But I've got a lot of things to do with you, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know and so it has to be a better school which is a good place to get there. Then, see if you can get a better part of the acting. It's far less than a pretty simple part. The thought of the drama thinks it's far more important. It's only a bit of a shame that we're not going to be able to do it. It's a good condition, but that's a lot of work and form. It's just a very good condition. It's a very good condition. It's a very good condition. It's a very good condition. It's a very good condition. It's a very good condition. It's a very good condition. It's a very good condition. It's a very good condition. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music >> Do you think you're not going to be there next year? I don't even see it with my phone, I don't know if the phone is being dialed or not, but it's still there. What? What's going on? She's fast. She's still there. What comes in the way? The other one. We'll see what's in the air at the top. Choose a table, put a table, put a table, put a table. We're slowly sitting inside up on the water rocket.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible The land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, the land, but also their intentions. But from June to December 1st, and June 8th, we'll be able to be happy and to want to be able to learn more about it. You can write by another book. Of course, this kind of, kind of, what's the new kind of this? It's very, very hard. I just give you a hug to each other and you'll be interested in the rest of your life. If you have a living sister to every one of us, you can insist that I... Okay. But so I need to be developing to... ...that I can... ...and... (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Silence Silence MusicMUSIC Background Sounds Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes We'll move the time set to the point dimension. Okay? Now,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, we'll come to a certain level of points. We'll give you an idea of what you're in the bounds. We'll give you an idea of what you're in the bounds. We'll give you an idea of what you're in the bounds. We'll give you an idea of what you're in the bounds. We'll give you an idea of what you're in the bounds. We'll give you an idea of what you're in the bounds. We'll give you an idea of what you're in the bounds. We'll give you an idea of what you're in the bounds. If you're understanding the position behind us, I'm going to make an appointment with Williams, Dean Giles, and Brian Sitz. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. I'm going to make a constructive final circle. Don't walk off. This is your arrival. It's your call on the student. Inaudible Remark that I tell you that I will have that center for us to interact with the students, that each and every student will have the opportunity to do that. It's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing. It's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark The very same band. You will see the limits. I don't think they're going to be good points. We're going to see what it's going to be, and what do you think? Thank you very much. No, I mean, since I've done a golf course at 10, he's such a new mom, I'm close-minded. I'm always thinking about him. He can see me. He's sad. He ain't got a gun. I got a gun. I got a gun. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark There's a little shopper here, a live product. It's a thing. This is a present for you to share. So I'll have to start off with a little thing. There's a little farm. Inaudible Remark The following, share the story with Mr. Pappin. Tired and changed to Mr. Pappin. It is very simple, it is certain that the science of the world is over not more slightly not, that is what I am going to be thinking of.Pause Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark See you're off of us. So you're going to be the last one. We're just sorry about the thing. We're just sorry about the thing. It's fine. Thank you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause Music >> What would say if there was nothing happened? >> It's all about spots. >> I would say that as soon as not to the meantime, but this feeling is good. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Let's see why this bit is... Now, just... Please do it again. Shabon Hall, I'll go down the shabon. Just a bit bigger, too. Three... Two... Three...inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Silence Pause Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE for the Washington State Board, which sets plans on the state. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE Awesome. Or get to the point where I'm going to go to the center of the church. This is the only way to go to the center of the church. I'm going to go to the center of the church. I'm going to see this. I'm going to see this.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark The safety of the existence, the safety of the existence, the safety of the existence. The safety of the existence. Silence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music MusicMUSIC Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Bye bye. Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)Music Thank you very much, please. Okay, I'll see you in the next video. Thanks for watching. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence