[00:00:00.22] OneOdio FM1:	Oh, nice. You know what I'm talking about? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? You know what I'm talking about? What do you mean?Music Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Come on.MUSIC (keyboard clicking)Music Come on.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence That's what we're going to see in another one. That's what we're going to see in another one. That's what we're going to see in another one. That's what we're going to see in another one. I couldn't want to cover that. Here we go. Pondlesses. Tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, tamp, t Pondlesses.inaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking)no audiosilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Pause Pause Silence Silencesilencesilence Okay, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it,no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one The mic is changing. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in the next video. Yes.no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio What the fuck? (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm not seeing. Oh, mm-hmm. I'm not seeing. Oh, mm-hmm. Oh, mm-hmm. Oh, mm-hmm. Oh, mm-hmm. Oh, mm-hmm. Oh, mm-hmm. and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I'll cut that into pieces and I (speaking in foreign language) (snaps) (speaking in foreign language) (snaps) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePause