[00:00:01.04] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I think it's still a little bit more than the pretension rules, too, it's a little bit tough. Yeah, that is still a little bit of the pretension rules. Yeah, that's all it is, everything. I've been thinking and reasoning has nothing to do with it, just because nobody comes in and helps me and that's nothing else to the thing, since you need to forget because that is all bullshit. It's just about me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you Silence Silence It's looking nice.silencesilence Silence Silence Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence You're also taking it right now. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence So, I can see the revised overspersonal thing that is now in the files, so I can see the process. I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilenceno audiono audio Why was some more maliciously stupid as you all are maliciously stupid as you all are maliciously stupid. Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm not sure now, let's see it, let's see it, let's see it, let's see it, let's see it, Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you Thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much Thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you very much for your time and thank you verysilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause So, I'm going to go to the next slide. So, I'm going to go to the next slide. So, I'm going to go to the next slide.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEMUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC MusicMusicMUSIC Music Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Silence Music Music MusicMusic (knocking on door) (sad music) Silence SilenceBUZZINGBUZZINGBUZZINGBUZZINGBUZZINGBUZZINGBUZZINGBUZZINGBUZZING Silence Inaudible Remarkno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Shark on. Oh, and I look at this all over the gravity. I think it's just moss and I love it. So I look to make my mind. I always have this sound. That could have been just a mission of course. Well, I just thought it was a good idea. I don't think you're doing too well. I'm not likely to die. It's just not possible because... I'm not going to stop. So... So what I'm saying is that the option I'll start to deny So I'm going to deny the idea because it's really so good to hear it and it becomes fantastic Because if it's not a centrist and then because you're coming to the world and be the centrist and you're not a centrist you just don't have something or it's just something and a centrist you just don't have, and then it's all just kept sinking it all over the space where it was sinking at the bottom okay it makes sense so it's not sinking at the bottom so it's still there so I already because of all scour, all the elephant, all the elephant, all the elephant, all the elephant, and something of the same thing around the same thing. because of something... well I guess I could have come off, but something of the same stuff something so... so it would be... The line will be similar to the same stuff, but it's...inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time, and you must have seen this in your own time.Music and then I'm going to see the question and I'm going to show you a lot of the side of the sun that I'm going to want to just be gay into something quickly, well, so it's not very good, but I'm going to be pretty good, go on, and then I'm going to go on, and then I'm goingMusic And the question, "How many times can the universe talk?" Or, "How many times can the universe talk?" Or, "How many times can the universe talk?" Or, "How many times can the universe talk?" Or, "How many times can the universe talk?" Or, "How many times can the universe talk?" Or, "How many times can the universe talk?" Or, "How many times can the universe talk?" Or, "How many times can the universe talk?" Or, "How many times can the universe talk?" Or, "How many times can the universe talk?"MUSICMusicinaudible 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, 8th of the time, So there's enough information, but I just don't have to come and tell them. So, I'm not certain about this. I don't know what it's going to be. I'm not sure. Background Sounds Pause Pause I have to get her to get her to the next level. If you want to get her to the next level, I have to get her to the next level. I feel you'll change it. I'm going to see you in the next video. you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, and you know, Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Hello. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMusicMusicsilencesilencesilenceMUSIC Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Pause Pausesilence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Pause Pausesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilence I'll see you in the next one. I'll see you in the next one. What's going on? I'm going to change the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of Pause Pause I mean, I can now adjust the node. place at the same time it has been, because I have been by my sitting at this, is there like multiple rights happening at the same time, there's a lot of how you will work as a specialist, we have so many students. Now I am going to do one thing. The observer is a specialist. That's about three million years, and I love this multiple time lives of the same color as we know it to be with them. We'll take you around and try to pull us. SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence I think I know some of the... I don't really say much to me, but I think I'll see you next time. Thanks for watching. the same stuff, the same stuff you can do in the same dish. you you you you you you You know what I mean? See how I could remove the film. Let me see.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence This is the long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long Silence Silence I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this again, but I'm not sure if I can do it. Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Yes, of course.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yes.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) When I'm mind-sinked, his or her son, he'd have that much mind-sink of culture and cultural evidence. I don't know what it actually is, and that's the date, is it like making people come into fire almost like they're actually to mind-sing there?silencesilenceCLICKinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (knocking on door)