[00:00:01.11] USB Live Camera audio:	Silence Silence Silence Silence Yes, we need to see if we can have some of our own video, or else we can't have some of our own videos. Yes, we need to see if we can have some of our own video, or else we can't have some of our own videos. Yes, we need to see if we can have some of our own videos. Yes, we need to see if we can have some of our own videos. Yes, we need to see if we can have some of our own videos. Yes, we need to see if we can have some of our own videos. Yes, we need to see if we can have some of our own videos. Yes, we need to see if we can have some of our own videos. Yes, we need to see if we can have some of our own videos. Yes, we need to see if we can have some of our own videos. Yes, we need to see if we can have some of our own videos.no audiono audioinaudible Silence Silence (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence I'll clean it up for you. I hope that you want to know what this is and this is the Rectangle R6, you want to do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do (keyboard clicking) - I'm gonna call you out, change the man in the name. (keyboard clicking) I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out. I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call you out, I'm gonna call (keyboard clicking)FOREIGNMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm getting a lot of revenge on my future, I think it ain't going to stop. So I'm going to be pretty much done there. I'm getting a lot of attention, so I'm going to be doing that. So I'm going to be over there in a two-year-to- two-year-to-hour show. (Click) (Click) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> Well, Intus is a nightmare, I don't know yet. I'll see you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. See you soon, buddy. I'm tired of the losses.MusicMusic (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and then I'm going to put it in the middleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono speech detectedCLICK (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You're pretty good. See you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. Bye, see you in the next video. Bye, see you in the next video. Bye, see you in the next video. Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to address you also, go and say, "Do I need a palm on your leg?" You just saw it being a condense. Yeah, you know, I saw it in the morning. It's still similar to that. It helps out to be also a little bit taller, a little bit taller. So that's it for you and I'll see you next time. Thanks for watching. you you Thank you very much for your time.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Okay. Okay. Okay.INAUDIBLE It's in. It goes very good for it. Very sharp, very sharp. Okay, it's in. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence SilencesilenceinaudibleClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence I'll just come watercolumn and then I'll throw it in the middle.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking)silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) We are at the top, but we are going to be able to learn how to play the game, so we are going to try to learn how to play the game. We are going to try to learn how to play the game, so we are going to try to learn how to play the game, so we are going to try to learn how to play the game. So you move on it, to get some noise, and then put them, and then close them in the dark and issue them on the kid, or stop them and photo them in the dark, and then look on you. Thank you for watching. I don't know how to do it, but I'm going to try to do it in a separate way, so I'm going to be able to set this now. I don't know if you know what I'm doing, but I think every time I see you, I'm going to do everything I can. I'm going to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best to do my best I don't know if you know what I'm doing, but I think every time I see you, I'm going to do everything I can. I hope you enjoyed this video. I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I think it's a good thing to have a phone call, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or something like that, but I don't know if you have an account or And now that I've seen, I've skied that down, the whole line's up to Ed's then. Yeah, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he's on me, he And now that I've skied that down, I've skied that down, the whole line's up to Ed's then. Now I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I'm going to add some more of this in here. I don't know if I can... In that pocket... I don't know if I can... *smooch* *smooch* *smooch* *smooch* *smooch* *smooch* *smooch* *smooch* *smooch* *smooch* *smooch* *smooch* *smooch* (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePause So, we're going to show you a little bit of the room, just a little bit of the room. Let's go to the room.MusicMusicMusic Now what, the bubbly couple we just want to turn, we're going to stick it onto that We're going to stick it onto that, we're going to stick it onto that, we're going to stick it onto that I'm going to need to be a boxer, and paint some of this stuff. I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I'm going to do a little bit of that too now, so I'm going to do a little bit of the dough on the base of the dough.Musicsilenceinaudible Oh, next one.silence Pause >> All right. I can't just play with the office and have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I have a scene where I (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silence Cleave.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (indistinct) Ah, there's just an extra little bit of that, yeah. (sniffing) Background noise Background noise Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGno audiono audiono audio Okay, I'll do my left, okay, I'll take my card to the side. We'll use that little thing here, but I'm just interested in the model thing I need. (speaking in foreign language) So I don't know if they will tell me what they are. So I don't know if they will tell me what they are. I don't know if they will tell me what they are. I don't know if they will tell me what they are. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) What does it look like? So, what did it do on that ratio to me, it was the other, it was the cross-buttose, so it's the favorite thing I've ever had.silencesilencesilence >> This is a state of mind, it's the only thing that we've all done here. I'm going to show you how to do it, and we have a day in London being a set in London in the afternoon. I am a cat for the first minute. I am a cat for the first minute. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLESIGHSMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't think we're still doing it.inaudible But I would be more senior if I should move until the key to the point where we need to externalize. If there is any bad luck, I would be better. That's actually what I'm going to do.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) We're going to say that there's a lot of data there and then I think I've got to go up in a whole lot of things and go on to do it as a matter of fact. I can't do that. I can't do that. I have to do it as a matter of fact. I can't do that. I can't do that. I'm going to do a little bit of the left here, I'm going to do a little bit of the left here. I'm going to do the right here, I'm going to turn it on the left here. I'm going to put the left here, I'm going to turn it on the left here. I don't know if that means all is soft. It's a little bit too soft. I don't know if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilence I'm going to add a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit Silence Silence Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah And after you're exhausted, read this on your own name. Not a question, which is tough for us to not only do Iosiedness, but you miss something. So there's really a bit of the people on this, it's really very sad to listen to them. Just tell me what's all of them. (gasps) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) I don't think so.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay, I'm in the room to work on the room, this room which is all the room, I don't know, it's only 2.5. I'm in the room now. It's a bit of an artillery, yeah, I'm in the room, I'm in the room, so I'm just from down there. But for you, we're done with. I'm going to add a keystone, so you have to step on it, and then I'm going to put the table up. I can turn it off when I was supposed to move it. I'm going to turn it on when I'm going to put it up. That's the only thing to be able to prepare for this in the end of the normal world. Thank you very much for your time. You Thank you very much. the . >>INAUDIBLE I don't know, I don't know much of it. It's just a little extra, it's just me and the F in it. I'm not gonna compete soundless anymore. Okay, so we are going to seeSilenceSilenceSilence Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING I'm just going to put it on to the camera with all of the media for a second. I'm just going to put it on to the camera for a second. I think it was a call from the source. I'm going to go back to the video. (speaking in foreign language) I did a lot of things, and I don't know what to learn. I'm gonna post this in there.Music Yeah, so that would be a lot better. If you're not sure, there's a belt in there, let me know in the comments below. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm sorry, I told you both, I didn't think so, I didn't want you all to stand on the clock, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence I'm gonna need to do it. I'm gonna have to walk so hard. Pause Pauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one, I'm going to go to the next one So, I'll turn this setup this way and then I'll show you. So, I'll turn this setup this way and then I'll show you.INAUDIBLE >> Can we go inside? Silence Silence You're going to have a little bit of a deal with both. You're going to have a little bit of a deal with both. You're going to have a little bit of a deal with both. You're going to have a little bit of a deal with both. You're going to have a little bit of a deal with both. You're going to have a little bit of a deal with both. You're going to have a little bit of a deal with both. You're going to have a little bit of a deal with both. You're going to have a little bit of a deal with both. I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't So, I'm going to go on and see what's going on in the room. I'm going to go on and see what's going on in the room. I'm going to go on and see what's going on in the room. I'm going to go on and see what's going on in the room. So I thought it would be nice if I had a couple of legs. I didn't know that. You really didn't know that I was going to be able to do anything. But I thought that I had something to do with it. I was going to be a big friend to you. Nothing bend in the clock. I'm not doing the board again. I'm sitting here and I'm not doing the board again. This is how I'm going to go. I'm going to pass it. This is how I'm doing it. Silence >> So, I'm going to give him a little bit. Inaudible Remark I'm gonna go to the cell with the young man that I've cut, and then I'm... (humming) That's it, that's it.MusicSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language and get the camera off. Here we have a link with the other side of the person. You can also see here how it works. So we will see what kind of building we are building, and then we will see how it works. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MusicMusic I'm not gonna need any food in my office. Just a minute. I could bring a man to change his name. I'm not gonna show them either on the street. But this is new to the new bit. >> We'll need to talk to him. >> I'll check out the other video. If we are the source out of the city, then it's completely out of the city, so we'll be able to see the source out of the city, so we'll be able to see the source out of the city. I'll see you in the next video, bye bye.INAUDIBLE Thanks a lot, everybody. I'll stick to the shower and I'll have to go in and brush the water and I'll start with a little bit of water to get rid of the dirt. I'll put the towel in and I'll take it to the chin and I'll go back to the other side and I'll rinse it. I don't really know how much I think is that for me, for me, for me, for me, for that, and it's not. I can't talk to quasi only with it. Once in a thousand big things, I'm just saying that the top only work out. I'll tell them how I work with it, and after ugly, what did he do? He didn't do anything. He was himself a child. Then he didn't do anything. He was in the corner of the star with him, and he cannot go away, and it's up to him. I don't know if I should open him, and he was in the back of the star, and he didn't do anything, and he didn't do anything. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'll just just show them to them.Musicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm just going to close that thing on the post. I don't know, let's have a look. Anyway, I'm going to do it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm really sorry, I've been on drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-drop-ClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClapping We call it a title, but not so long, too late, you know. I'm not a professional, I'm just an amateur, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm a professional, I'm I'm going to get the other one with the paint on the other side of the seat. I'm going to get the other one with the paint on the other side of the seat. I'm going to get the other one with the paint on the other side of the seat. Yeah, I'm supposed to be a hit, but I'm not going to do it too late. I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going to hit, but I'm just going I'm just going to hit when I'm in the lead, so I'm not going to do this for you, so I'm not going to do it. I'm going to put it in the two last minutes. I'm going to put it in the other side. I'm going to put it in the other side. I'm going to put it in the other side.inaudibleinaudible How do you do this? I'm just going to put some of this on the table. I'm just going to put some of this on the table. I'll leave it out for you. (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling)silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Let me show you the different things, let's see. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing sound) Now we have a bit of a map, and now that's about 30 minutes. It's a bit too long to look just a little bit too much. (sighs) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) first, first, it's not going to work because it's a little noise, it's not going to work. Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark SilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *outro music*no audio (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) Where it's a ski spout, there's a mini, and there's a hook up soap, and there's a keyboard and a stomp, that's what I'm doing.MusicMusicMusicSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsno speech detectedno audio Oh, bitch. I'm not going to let you go.no audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence I don't want to know if you don't want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about me than I am, if you want to know more about (clears throat) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) And I'm just going to do that. Can I just go? (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) the . Pause Pauseno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio I don't know if I'm going to have a bunch of back on the screen.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencePausePauseno audiono audiono audio Silence Silenceno audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audioINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not sure if I can create some damage.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking You can see that the volume is low. You can see that the volume is low. You can see that the volume is low. I still see it. Thank you for watching. I'm going to have to leave it out.MUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Silence Silencesilence Most of them.silence Silence Silence I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not talking to you now, so I'm not Silence Silence Silence Silence >> Is that not clear? Silence Now I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. Now I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing.inaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silencesilence Hmm.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.no speech detected I'm going to try to get a little bit of this in the middle of the screen, but I'm not going to do that. I'm going to try to get a little bit of this in the middle of the screen, so I'm going for a little bit of this in the middle of the screen.no audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. to get it in place. But you know the only thing. You know. You know. Pause (coughing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLEsilencesilence (keyboard clicking)silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detected I don't know what's going on. We can push the line down, push the line down, push the line down, push the line down. (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Let's see, do you see that? Pause Pause Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceno speech detected Maaah! (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (mimicking) Wow. (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (clicking) (mimicking) (sniffing) (mimicking) (mimicking)no speech detectedno audio (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll see you next time. If you have some of those things, you can go to the top and see some of those things. Nice game, I should have played this game a few days ago. (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSIC No! Oh!Growling (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (clears throat)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) HmmMusicMusic (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Here we buzzed in, didn't you shoot my own son? No, I'm yours.no audiono audiono audiono audio Silence (door slams) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)CLICK (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detected Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence >> Welcome in. Silence >> Where am I inside? Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Background noise Background noise Okay, I'll do it a little bit more, I'll change it a little bit.silencesilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence (knocking on door) I'll see you in the next video. Got it. Thank you, mate. Sounds okay. Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Can I use a pen? Huh? (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) the . I think this will trigger me, uh, the case, uh, I'll probably get the telephosic message. Yeah, it's not going to be a bit of a stupid message, it's going to be a bit of a stupid message. Oh, it's going to be a bit of a stupid message. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You have to be a little bit more careful with your own hands, you know, the most important step which is, you know. If you have any questions, please leave a comment.inaudible (keyboard clicking) I'm going to get you some of the other work I'm going to do, I'm going to get you some of the other work I'm going to do, I'm going to get you some of the other work I'm going to do, I'm going to get you some of the other work I'm going to do, I'm going to get you some (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected I'm going to do it the last time, because it's not the last time I've reached the end of the week. Here I'll see if that's what I'm going to show you at the beginning. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm not going to watch, but it's a good part to see you guys out there, and I'll see you later. I'll see you guys out there.no speech detectedno speech detectedMusicMusicMusicMusic I'm going to go to my manager. We're going to go to work on the flight for the day. We're going to meet again.SIGHS (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Inaudible Remark Silence and the effects you know. Thank you.MusicMusic Very cocked, I think, I'm sure.silence (singing in foreign language) I don't want you to follow what's on your feet. It's a bit of a bad idea. It's a bit of a bad idea. I don't want you to follow what's on your feet. I don't want you to follow what's on your feet. I don't want you to follow what's on your feet. I don't want you to follow what's on your feet. I don't want you to follow what's on your feet. I don't want you to follow what's on your feet. I don't want you to follow what's on your feet. I don't know what to do with it, but I don't have a lot of lines. I don't have a lot of lines. I don't have a lot of lines. I'm not looking at how it works for you to come in. Yeah, well this is new here, contazons over here, I can't you know. So you can be kidding, if I'm just really a normal, I can't you know. The voting thing I just want to know now, yeah. We can take a note of that for now, so I can't you know. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) We've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've got a new world, we've Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible It's. Inaudible Inaudible RemarkCOUGH Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You can see the people on the streets are dying for the murder. But the lives of the people are dying. I think the highlights of the work are going on. I'll tell you everything, then we'll see. (speaking in foreign language) - All right, changing.sighs I was the Zankovomnik, as well, my cronies, so...Clock tickingClock tickingsilenceinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the box and I'm going to put it in the middle of the I'm going to do a little bit more of this, but I'm going to do a little bit more of this. So, I'll see you next time. I'm going to have to put this on the computer. I'm going to have to put this on the computer. I'm going to have to put this on the computer. I'm going to have to put this on the computer. If you want to see more videos like this, you can find them in the description below. If you want to see more videos like this, you can find them in the description below. If you want to see more videos like this, you can find them in the description below. If you want to see more videos like this, you can find them in the description below. If you want to see more videos like this, you can find them in the description below. If you want to see more videos like this, you can find them in the description below. If you want to see more videos like this, you can find them in the description below. If you want to see more videos like this, you can find them in the description below. We're going to have to get out of here and get out of here. We're going to get out of here and get out of here.silencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look like this, so I'm going I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going to put this in here and I'm going I'm going to say, yeah, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm going to start my day with you guys, I'm Thank you very much. I would like to ask you if you can understand how we are doing. It is not that we are not going to be able to understand each other. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry So I got that signal and I'm going to go to the door. So I thought I'd send you all a V2K, all of you. I'm going to open the door. You're going to have to open the door. So I'm going to open the door.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE You mean, I get me a small number of times. It's a full of illness, man.SIGHSsighs And then you can buy me a new kit and you'll get new little maintenance on the television house, and then you'll have some of the things that you can do. I'm going to play the dash fields, I'm going to play the most here, press fields. I'm going to play the most here, press fields. I'm going to play the most here, press fields. I'm going to play the most here, press fields. I'm going to play the most here, press fields. I'm going to play the most here, press fields. I'm going to play the most here, press fields. I'm going to play the most here, press fields. I'm going to play the most here, press fields. I don't know how to do that, I'm a cool one, I'll still be able to do it in a few days, so I'm gonna have to cross finish. I'm gonna play with that one, there's no way I can do that, I'm gonna have to do that. *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* *sigh* I think it's really important that we have a lot of people who are interested in this kind of work. We have a lot of people who are interested in this kind of work. We have a lot of people who are interested in this kind of work. We have a lot of people who are interested in this kind of work. We have a lot of people who are interested in this kind of work. We have a lot of people who are interested in this kind of work. Well, let's so that's okay. That's what I do, I can't do it and I do it, so I think I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I can't do it and I I don't know what I'm going to do, but I'm going to make myself feel better, I swear. That's not me. That's what I said, 50.000 Ryo, then I think that's all. That's how it is, fix it, light fix it. That's how it is, fix it, fix it, fix it, fix it, fix it, fix it, fix it, fix it.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Yeah, I have to say that I'm not going to do that before I go to bed, so if you're worse than I do, I'm going to do a bit more, then I'll catch some of those people next time. I'm going to do a bit more. So, that's the whole thing. So, I'm going to put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box and put it in the box So, that's the whole thing, and don't fly for too long now. I don't want to go back to my room, but I'm going to sleep now. That's it. If we don't find anything, we'll sleep together. I can't wait for you to come in, I'm going to play with you. So, we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so we can do it again, so It's actually also very upsetting to me when they see it fast. There's a 2-gip calculator all the way. I have been there. I have been in there. I have been in there.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) PayPal.com So I'll leave this on the table. So I'll leave this on the table. I'll leave this on the table. I'll leave this on the table.MusicMusic (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) I have this right there and you have a copy of the stem also. I'm just going to start my zoom. You can see the bottom of the stem. So, there are some techniques on how to control them, so I'm going to look at that.silenceno audiono audio So on again, go ahead and start the task in your moods. I don't know if it's going to happen. to that gold band. Hello, to my dick in you, bitch. I'm going to take a look at this. (keyboard clicking) Now I'm going to put it on the other side of the screen, so I can see that it's not working. That's it, I think I'm going to get the preparation and then we'll get back to the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and then we'll get the preparation and I can't wait to see if I can do it. I can't wait to see if I can do it. I can't wait to see if I can do it. I can't wait to see if I can do it. I can't wait to see if I can do it. I can't wait to see if I can do it. I can't wait to see if I can do it. I can't wait to see if I can do it. I can't wait to see if I can do it. (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I have to go to the other side. I am not going to do anything, but I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything. I am not going to do anything, but I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am not going to do anything, so I am notinaudible Now I'm going to push the whole thing to the source and I'm going to take the offsets, and also I am not a pro player, I am not a pro player either. So I can't just send in any puny, but I can't send in any puny. I can't send in any puny, but I can't send in any puny, but I can't send in any puny. I can't send in any puny, but I can't send in any puny. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it.Music (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence But this is head man, I thought. I'm not sure. (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (clicking sound) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (clicking sound) (coughing) (coughing) So that's what I'm going to do.silence (keyboard clicking) - I'm learning. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay, got a dial on us, it was not here at all, but it was in the middle of the code.inaudible I'm going to go up this mountain and ask this out and test this out with a smile. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So now we're going to add the proper combat kit. We're going to have to not have to do that. You know when I start to save it, I don't step out when I see it up all.silencesilencesilence I'm going to use the other side. I'm going to use the other side, but I'm going to use the other side. Thanks for your time.silence I'll see you in the next one. I will tell you this easy by killing Cifalm now, or rather Cifalm die. Of course, suicide, because that boy is probably also also a die or easy to kill. I think we should just kill boys, but that doesn't mean anything. Because that's also like one of the other behind the screen that I cannot see that. things there. So you all these life, all these stuff, you lie, you try to test stuff to win, and you really lose perspective on all other things, don't do it as a dangerous, and you make California's, and I don't know what to do with this. You You You (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Inaudible Remark Silence So no matter who, it's a light, just pay me this 50,000 euros so I can continue to maintain some kind of life in this mess. Not that I will try to commit suicide today, but I'm really at the end of it now. Of course you don't have to pay us by a Boris Alibar, you have my Bitcoin thing, you have mine. pre-pulting, it was my back-cutting, but if you do so, back transfer, I want to see a screenshot of the day, and everything is very difficult in a Sunday, and I'm going to say nothing's possible to call it Sunday, but all blah blah. Hello? If you want to use a snout, try to find a way to work better together to fix whatever needs fixing and get all the ones that are done, but this will have to be something we can look at. Still live. Think if there's anybody, is there anybody who thinks that's... It's excessive that there's a lot of the reason they'll think to ask. That's how it boils. That's how it boils. Why would you need to send out the voice for me like just turn it to me? Well now we're using it. Now, what did I really do? Boonage, fine light, or other people, and a light. Need to send me the 50,000 euros today, and I need that new paint today. I'm dragging this out as long as I can, but this is all that is... It can't work so well. It's a bit too, yeah, a bit going up. People need to have a lot of time. Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Who's that?silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence the opposite stage, the last turn, the last, the last. That was the opposite. That was the opposite. That was the opposite. That was the opposite. That was the opposite. That was the opposite. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audioCLICKsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Why are you talking about this is not a good way of doing it? You will not be able to sell my house, you're so obvious. Well, still my name is mine. But I, I had to go to my parents' garden. We were on a cheetah, we were all over the room. Just handed over to them to the next person. because there's no other criminal thing. Forget this. There's no way you're going to do it. Look at today, you're going to make sure I get the 50k. Thank you. Because the shit about how you are supposed to make life of my parents difficult as well. I'm not very low on me, I need to be able to do it. I did about this. So, we'll make it so difficult today, so we're difficult now, everything. So, we'll make it so difficult today, so we're difficult now, everything. So, we'll make it so difficult today, so we're difficult now, everything. Silence This is the order. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK (keyboard clicking) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Okay, so I don't really consider the problem at all, I don't think I have done the concept of that in the long-term thing, of course, because it's a bit sad, okay. English, I'm sorry, I didn't say anything here, I was.MusicMusicno audiono audiono audioINAUDIBLEno audiono audio >>INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiosilencesilenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio We broke the file and we used an extra edge to run the file. I'll play for you, and welcome back to the game. Yeah, I can't. That's not all I wanted to do. Play with it. I think I will see you after this, or I will see. You can tell us your car will be in the end of the video. I'll see you in there. I'll see you in the next video.no audio You have nothing to do with that one. You have nothing to do with that one. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudibleinaudiblesilence It's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here, it's the first time I've been here Where's the glasses? The first one is the SNS, the first one is the SNS, the first one is the SNS, the first one is the SNS, the first one is the SNS, the first one is the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS, the SNS And then once more, we'll need a line post to talk about it. What's that?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKINGsilence To go to the table. No, no. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't know what to do with that. I can't say I have to say that I'm not properly doing that. I just need to check. Check the status of the status. Check the status of the status. Check the status of the status. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you very much.BELL RINGS (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detected Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detected (sniffing) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) What? No, I'm a killer at me. But no, I'm not pretty. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm a killer at me, I'm a killer at me. I'm a killer at me, I'm a killer at me. So I'm looking at the other position of the reception of all of this. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence One more.silence One more. Let me show you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to start with a little bit of a small piece of paper, which I'm going to use for a little bit of paper. the transition to the past and the past. I'm going to show you the next one. This is the last one. I'm going to show you the last one. The last one is the last one. I'm going to show you the last one. I'm going to show you the last one. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)Speaking in FrenchSpeaking in FrenchSpeaking in FrenchSpeaking in FrenchSpeaking in FrenchSpeaking in FrenchSpeaking in FrenchSpeaking in FrenchSpeaking in Frenchinaudible I'm going to have to knock down the platform. The big FT For a new T-conceptor, we put a new T-conceptor on the other side And then the... The T-conceptor was different And the other one is a paper Paper (sniffing) Silence Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE And then we'll work with the Tashin.INAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKING Silence Silence I'm going to send my practice messages to another member of the team. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryMusicMusicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) Silence Silence I'm dark, paper, it going, and I'll second most, any of it going from the past, new thing in the world.Pause Background Soundssilencesilence I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm not going to let you know that I'm notsilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible 30,000 and we'll see. All right, so that's all. Next up. I'm going to hit on a new device, go to the right thing and make a hole, go to the set, and then start the fix, go to the set, go to the set, go to the set, go to the set, go to the set, and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points and then you can do more points. (knocking on door) (sighs) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out)clicksclickssilenceclicks I don't know how to manifest this code from the right. What people are doing. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. All right. All right. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm pretty sure I won't win. I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not a musician, I'm not Pause Pausesilence I have a little bit of the sound.silence (keyboard clicking) (soft music)MUSIC (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) Let's be sure. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudiblesighs (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Just so...Music There was a release. Thanks for watching.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) I'll leave it in the middle of the whole set. I'm going to put it in the middle of the whole set. I'm going to put it in the middle of the whole set. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) of all the ingredients was the volume of the arts and material I love to listen to so exactly, and that's not a special idea, but not a lot about the male. Yes, a lot about the male. But you know, it's often the same thing. Of you, this.silence condense of the kitchen, and this was it so far, I'm not still going to let you know.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (laughs) - Confircate, oh, that's... (mumbles) (mumbles)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) and do it here. I'm not going to be able to do that. So, you can see the first layer of the layer. So, you can see the first layer of the layer. So, you can see the first layer of the layer. So, you can see the first layer of thePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) - Stand back to it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to have to mess up.INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm not going to take it out of the chat, I'm going to be on the other issues. Pause Pause Pause Okay, let me show you. Yeah, that's a... and I don't see any of these things I'm like, I'm not tired, I'm not gonna see any of these things I'm gonna go out I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out, I I'm gonna go to the movies, I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna go to the movies and I'm gonna (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (inaudible) and I had to move it to the end of this year, and I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Oh, it's 3D with all of them, yeah, it's just one of them. It's just such a design. (keyboard clicking) (mumbles) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Oh, it's in the time of the near house, not now, the near house, the near house, the near house, the morning here. (keyboard clicking)silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Pause Pause Pausesilencesilencesilence and boys that's melting up and all thatsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesniffingsilencesilence Silence Silence (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause I'm going to start on the other side of the video. I'm going to start on the other side of the video. I'm going to start on the other side of the video. I'm going to start on the other side of the video. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going to have to go to the hospital and then I'm going I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I didn't know you were actually one of the last to hit the top side of my potato ball, I think he was a chassis of ropes, he's a he-in-hoster for the game, but I didn't know he was from the head to the push. I didn't know you were the one who did that, you were the one who did that. (knocking on door) Silence Silencesilencesilence It's really just, it's just... I think I'm honest. I think I'm just going to have a good time.clickclick I'm always controlling it, and I need to start from the edge, and I'm using it. Sorry to hear that. This person, this person, he had nothing else to say, I said he had a deal with Mark McIntyre and I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said And that is so that we are a massive or a conditioning in the maintenance of the pre-emarsiness. Yes, for the maintenance of the pre-emarsiness. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MUSICPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I have a lot of simple action broke. What did you lock in the lockers in the apartment? Those are left with red. In short, there are no red, and what was the interesting I wanted to see once you put the mouse in the Pause Inaudible Remark Pause Pause Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm here also it's a little bit skipped. I'm sorry to keep telling you what's in my mind, but the shelf. I just thought I would have done nothing but a bad person to... something like that, but what about what? I don't know if you can see that it's a good thing to see that it's a good thing to see that it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thing to see it's a good thingINAUDIBLE I don't know if I'm going to be able to do a machine learning, of course. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do a machine learning, of course. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do a machine learning, of course. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do a machine learning, of course. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do a machine learning, of course. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do a machine learning, of course. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do a machine learning, of course. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do a machine learning, of course. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do a machine learning, of course. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do a machine learning, of course.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'll see you now, oops, I hate this.silencesilence I'm going to go ahead and do that again. I'm going to go ahead and do that again. I'm going to go ahead and do that again. I'm going to go ahead and do that again. I'm going to go ahead and do that again. I'm going to go ahead and do that again. I'm going to go ahead and do that again. I'm going to go ahead and do that again. I'm going to go ahead and do that again. I'm going to go ahead and do that again. I'm going to go ahead and do that again. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) - We have a plenty of time to wrap ourselves channel up on doing this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence All is the experiment, you know. You're substituting the old ones and from the child unique to the group that you've looked at. All people else. Often later than. The often made mother child do it to the egg and that's the specific, the specific concept then. If you don't want to use a chassis, you can't use a chassis, but if you don't want a chassis, you can use a chassis. It's a really unique concept, but you're all doing it. I just want to show you that I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on it. I just want to show you that I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on. I just want to show you that I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put a little bit more on and I put Let's see if I can get it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. If you don't want to, you have to do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you can do it in a later process, and you and this is a synthetic marker. I'm not sure if you can see it now, but it's in the middle of the body. We're talking about the standard indignisable marker. If you want to go on a chair, I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it in a natural way. We are going to do a lot of things. So if you want to do a process of doing it in a natural way, then you can do it in a natural way. If you want to do it in a natural way, So, what do you think about the people you see here? What do you think about the people? And then it's very important to know what they think about the people you see here. The question is, what do you think about the people you see here? Was that the stuff that was in the house? Actually, that was the, I'm not sure if you can see it, but it's a little bit of a... ...continue in London. It's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of a... ...continue. It's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an invisible map, but it's a little bit of an ...continue in London, but it's a little bit of an invisible map. I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video, I'll put it in the middle of the video I'm going to do three different parts in the last one. I'm going to do the drum with you. You might say it's new. We're going to do the same thing. The other image will be the same. to follow bill to the rotation line over us. Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLE Hello and welcome to my channel, my name is Tyrasna, I am a 3rd member of the team, I am a member of the team. I am a 3rd member of the team, I am a 3rd member of the team. I think that the producer will be, yeah, but what should I do with the interest is in I don't know if it's because of the brand, but I think it's a lot more than I thought. I think it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I thought it's a lot more than I I'm not sure if it's because of the brand, but I think it's because of the brand, and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm going to turn it around and I'm If you want to make a video, you can click on the link in the description box below. If you want to make a video, you can click on the link in the description box below. If you want to make a video, you can click on the link in the description box below.Pause Hello, quality. I'm a little bit salty.Pause We're going to open the link in more contacts. Thank you for your time. You Thank you.silence that last support built, and it will have a good year.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusic And then you have to know where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're going, where you're (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Most of the time. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think it's a nice thing to know how to make money in a year. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahINAUDIBLE The next chapter of the course is the top rating 60 on that is AirWine and it's the top rating 50 on that is AirWine and it's the top rating 60 on that is AirWine and it'sinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible You are in the 30-year-old headboard, and when they say I ain't, I look to my head, I'll Apple Maps, where I'm just so nervous, it's not at me, but it's just so, it's so, it's so nervous, and I'm not so nervous, and I'm so nervous, and I'm so nervous, and I'm so nervous, I'll take a lot of signs and you can't tell me about the level of some of the level of this.clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick (keyboard clicking) - Can I get a little bit of time in there? (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I've finished the video to check what to do to proceed here. In the last video, I've done an application that was going to be done in a year. I don't know if you know what I mean, but for me it's all over the world that we do. Man's not good.silenceINAUDIBLE Thank you very much. The obvious thing is that I don't have a lot of time left, so I'm supposed to be right here. That guy is like a pretty man, he's really awesome, and I think he has a master to support you, so I'll be right back.silencesilencesilence And this is how it was made a picture. Thank you very much. I've been doing this for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working I've been doing this for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time. The whole thing about me is that it was a bit better to make the music better, but I think there are a lot of people here who are doing the same thing. Is it hard? And then you see the work from here. You're an interface for... use interface in the room, yeah, in the room, the room, the room, that was that you must resume that all these all the yours are complete, close, excuse me for your... the other floor, yeah. the floor, yeah. the floor, yeah. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to add some demos in here, some demos that we do in a lot of places, some of the new dark ones, and I'll find out now that I'm a little bit worse than I actually do. All of what I'm going to do is to add some demos in here. So, I want to make a new thing, but I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I want to make a new thing, so I The health is now off as soon as possible. It was for me, every day, I did for seven. So, as a year and a half, I'm up for it. It is for me to have a day off when I can live, so I can try to do something that I can't do. But it's for the family, and then there are some automotorages here, you can see that there is a lot of space, but there is only one or two of them on the top, and then there is a bus. We have to follow them. There is a pen. From the best, you know, part-man in the middle of the 70th program. I don't know what to do with all my time, I'm not bringing it into stone to cool, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I'm still going to choose. There's a lot of emotions. I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time, but I don't know what to do with all my time Any more? I'm going to turn it on for a minute. Come here, dear.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible As you go inside, you can go out in the right of the boat from the shiny, high-bort-chill at the Barcelona Gate, and then you can come in. (camera clicking)Silence No.Silence This is something that is yeah, I don't know why I didn't hear it.inaudibleinaudible I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen, so I'm going to put it on the right side I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen, so I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen So, when it has a sensor, I'll have to define the spectrum.INAUDIBLE Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes I hope you like it. Better to go here, better to go to school, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go to my university, to go I hope you like it, I hope you like it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Yeah, we'll just do the other options. We'll do all the best we can. It's going up, it's going up, it's going up. Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusic I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, Make a analysis on the show's system and let it see on the future steps. problem is the programming of the overracking, overracking, overracking, overracking, overracking We are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are constantly working on this, we are and then someone who doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of belonging to him and he doesn't have a sense of A choice has a healthy angle, it is a tablet, the 900 things that you can't do with it. I have a door, a little bit of a hand with the spectrum, global f/5 sensor. It's a very easy process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. It's a very fast process. We have to adapt to that and of course, we will be able to promote it again. We have a lot less population, and this is a lot of different, I think. We are going to do that. We can't do that. I'm pretty much a sh*t. You'll need to look at them and then they'll be in a truck proper along the boys they're going out for me. Boys from the right front get all the way there. We'll have them all in there. Now I'm going to push it down a little bit. I'm going to push it down a little bit. I don't know how to do this, but you need to use it. I just need to do something that I need to use to do a lot of work. I'm not gonna take the tip of the paper, sir. I'm gonna take the tip of the paper, sir. I'm gonna take the tip of the paper, sir.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic May it be yours. I'm just going to see you in a beer there with just a little bit of fucking pain right now to my stuff today. So yeah, I'm just going to see you tonight. I'm just going to see you tonight. So I'm going to come up more today. I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't like it so much, I don't I don't know how to describe it, but for all of us, it's so good to hear it and it's really good and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it and it's really good to hear it It's a real twist. We've got two things to hold on to. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. We'll be standing at the house, we saw it not today, we've passed by an old scump, You need to start. I hope you enjoyed this video and I hope you enjoyed it too. you you you I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I don't know if I can do it, so I'm going to be a bit less. That's for me, not me, or... I'm going to be a little bit more honest. I'm not going to be able to help you with that.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible And, and all the time, this is, this is, this is, this is, this is, this is, this is, this one. All right, I have to do this. All right, I have to do this. All right, I have to do this. All right, I have to do this. All right, I have to do this. (clicking)silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible I hope you like this video, and I hope you like it. I hope you like this video, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, and I hope you like it, I hope you like this video, and I hope you like this video, and I hope you like it. I don't know what to do with this, but it's a good idea to do it with respect to people who have a great respect. People say that they want to do it with respect. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with respect. I don't know what to do with respect. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence SilencePausePause Silence Silence Just a little bit more here, let's have a bit of length left, let's put the dots in. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilenceinaudible I'm going to put it on the other side of the bag. If you have not subscribed to the channel, then I will be doing what I've started. I'm going to go back for a second. I'm going to put it on the other side of the bag. I'm going to put it on the other side of the bag. I'm going to put it on the other side of the bag.no audiono audio I call the liquid to the tangles and the bright light. We'll do that in a second bit. We'll do the recycle. We'll do the recycle leak. Must put it on. We'll do the recycle leak. We'll do the recycle leak. Oh, yeah, I'm going to step on it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it I'm going to sleep now. I'm going to sleep now. I'm going to sleep now. I'm going to sleep now. I'm going to sleep now. I'm going to sleep now. (keyboard clicking) I'm going to type in the link in the info and on here, we will have to slow it. I don't know if it's still going to be a lot of stuff. I don't know if it's still going to be a lot of stuff. It's not going to be a lot of stuff. It's not going to be a lot of stuff. It's not going to be a lot of stuff. It's not going to be a lot of stuff. It's not going to be a lot of stuff. It's not going to be a lot of stuff. It's not going to be a lot of stuff. It's not going to be a lot of stuff. It's not going to be a lot of stuff. Okay, I can leave the key in the role. Oh, this is it, I work. Yeah, I'm all too in. I'm just listening to you now. I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it, We're going to tap on the remote control, on the liquid, where you go off, and on a bit of a chain move next to it. I'll just drop you up to the end of the video, and clearly, we can't leave, and remember, I'm going to finish the video. I'm waiting for you and I'll do it for you. This is what's going on over the next morning. We can go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go on a walk or go onsilencesilence You know it, but now I'm not small. So, I'll do it a little bit later. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks.silenceinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilence Thank you. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm going to start with the main menu. I'm going to start with the main menu. I'm going to start with the main menu. I'm going to start with the main menu. I'm going to start with the main menu. I'm going to start with the main menu. I'm going to start with the main menu. I'm going to start with the main menu. I'm going to start with the main menu. I'm going to start with the main menu. I don't know if you'll know what I'm saying, I don't know what I'm saying. I'm cheaper than I thought, I'm cheaper than I thought. I'm cheaper than I thought. I'm cheaper than I thought. I'm cheaper than I thought. I'm cheaper than I thought. I'm cheaper than I thought. I'm cheaper than I thought. I'm cheaper than I thought.Music Hmm. I think that all that job is to remember. So, get another deal.MusicMusic Silence (audience laughs) - Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, - Uh, I think I'm being annoying this year, you know. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence (coughs) Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePfft Ah, that's why you got to eat.silenceinaudiblesilenceinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)NOISE (sniffing) (sighs) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) We'll call C-Lex.MUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGno audiono audio (groaning) (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> Okay, okay, I'll make a new order, but I'm probably going to have to go to the other side. >> Yeah, that's not a new order.INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) What? What is that? I'm going to be so, so, so, you know. We'll get those on the meeting, I'm going to finish these, sure, as we all like that. We'll be so, so, we'll be so, we'll be so, so, we'll be so, so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll be so, we'll But, I guess there's a, let's see if you want to add up your stats, we're going to ask for a link in the description. I'm going to have to end this one up here, but I'm going to have to end this one up here. I'm going to have to end this one up here, but I'm going to have to end this one up here. I'm going to have to end this one up here, but I'm going to have to end this one up here. I'm going to have to end this one up here, but I'm going to have to end this one up here. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And now everything else here to show it to all of you so that most of you may skip the video.no audiono audiono audiono audiono audio You have a film or a deal and a plot. How do you better read it?inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Is this a ball of blood? No. Is this a ball of blood? No. >> That's so time is all yesterday. Silence Silence And I think it's not going to rotate this. I think it's not going to rotate this. I think it's going to rotate this. (sniffing)no audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audioSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence (keyboard clicking)AlarmAlarmAlarmAlarmAlarmAlarmAlarmAlarmAlarmAlarm (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (bell dings) (buzzer) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic It's a close-up, it cuts. I'm sorry, I'm not doing that, yeah. I should have the volume of the bar here and send it. I'm just going to hand it over to the other side. I'm going to send it to the other side.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence It's a bit of a stature, and I thought I'd draw it during the mid-salt. I think it could be a mid-salt. The mid-salt part. New one, really?inaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence You know, it's also not the only thing that you can do when you're on the side. >> I couldn't have solved. >> It was. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence Wow.silence What's the name of the bunch?silencesilencesilencesilenceno audiosilenceclicking sound Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) This is the best wall in the game I've ever played. They may be telling it to... No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Just use it for some. Thanks for watching.inaudible And then you start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in, and then I start adding in. (laughs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Thank you.MusicMusicMusic the the thesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno audio (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence Nice one. Where were you in the front? I'm sorry, but I don't know what's going on.MusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (groaning) (door slams) (groans) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (coughing) - What? (coughing) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSIC (grunting) - Come. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Okay, that's enough for the works. Okay, okay. Okay. (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) - Huh? Huh? (sniffing) (sniffing)Music (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilence (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE So I'm going to make some more.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audioinaudibleinaudible Silence Silencesilence Ah. (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence (bell dings)no audiono audio Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) Ah. Ah. (knocking on door) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing)silencesilenceno audioMusic Thank you.silencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio Silence Silence (knocking on door)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence (bell dinging) (bell dinging) (bell dinging) (bell dinging) (bell dinging) (bell dinging) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking) (camera clicking)silenceknocking on door Silence Silenceno audio Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence Silence Thank you. >> You want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, you want to see it, youClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingCClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingsilence Nice, just a little bit.silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detected Nah, that's not good. It's a... ...bece... ...ser... ...dance box itself. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahno audio (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audio Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence >> One. Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence I'm going to add a little bit more. I'm going to see what must be seen here. (knocking on door) - Oh, yeah. (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected And this is a circuit, you have a need. I'm probably showing them.BELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGS So, I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide.BELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGS (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> Baby, I'm getting out of here. >>INAUDIBLE Okay, now. What's the winner? Okay. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I mean, no, it's so much of it, and then that is when you will come, and that looks so, it will present a bit of change. That's still going to present a bit of change as well as I'm going to do.silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you enjoyed the video. I'm going to zoom in on the camera lens. Okay. Looks good. Now, here we go. >>INAUDIBLE I'm blanching in the lawnbower, I think, I've got to throw a dail swoop. I'm blanching in the lawnbower, I think, I've got to throw a dail swoop.silence So...SOUNDINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So, that was no less than the shot in the world. I don't know if you can remember all of this. That's it. One, two, one. Hello? What's...silenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceno speech detected Yeah, I'll up, I'm going to turn it off. I'm just going to run, run, run, run, run. Ohno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilencesilencesilencesilence Oh, oh, she's a little bit of a--PausePause Oh.Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilence You can mash it up, you can mash it up, you can mash it up. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence So maybe that's one of the things that we're going to do next week or the next week. (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause >> Going with? Pause >> Yes, I'm dying. Pausesilence It's going to be awesome.silencesilence Hmm.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLE and the one you like must be doing a lot more, I don't really click on the "dodash fit" key ifs, and that's really even on that character, with the pin on it.silence Well, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You know what I'm doing with those e-bass. You made it. You have something.clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark trying out the units there at the top of the notch do you know how to do it? do you have to notice me now? I don't see both of those guys now. I don't see both of those guys now.BuzzerBuzzer Silence Silence Silence One of the options that I can learn from this is the animal that's... I have one day from the man who is on the screen. I'm going to put him in the middle of the screen. (keyboard clicking) I'm going to have a special attack on the Tata Maris, too. Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) I'm not sure. I'm not sure it's a mess of long or two stunts. I don't see any more papers. So it's free.SilenceSilenceSilence I'm going to see you in the next part of the video. I'm going to read the comments. I'm going to show you all of the tools that are made of paper and the paper and I'm going to make the paper. Okay. (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I want to come to the trickers, all of the men in the other. I don't know if I'm going to be in the other person in the other. I'm going to have some fun best in the other room. I'm going to take it and stuff. I'm going to have some fun in the other room.silence I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that. I'm going to add a little bit more of that.MusicMusicMusicsilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Okay, leave all of that. Oh, this is hell.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Yeah, that's a good question. Silence SilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE I'm just going to start over and try to open the whole web channel. I'm going to start over and try to open the whole web channel. I'm going to start over and try to open the whole web channel. I'm going to start over and try to open the whole web channel. I'm going to start over and try to open the whole web channel.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilenceinaudible I'll come over to us.PausePause I can't believe it. I can't believe it. So, in the meantime, I will be using the Mishka's Rukertelt, a new Blackstone and a Cartel thing. So, in the meantime, I will be using the Mishka's Rukertelt, a new Blackstone and a Cartel thing. and then the new world. Over there, we met the DomeChase assists many more were steeped to the current system. That was a lot to be exposed and I had to have a blackstone and go both, although I'll see you in the next episode of the novel. I'll see you in the next one. Bye. I think that's the effect for a little bit of the screen, I guess, of the other side of the screen. I think that's the effect for a little bit of the screen, I guess. I think that's the effect for a little bit of the screen, I guess, of the other side of the screen. I think that's the effect for a little bit of the screen, I guess, of the other side of the screen. I think that's the effect for a little bit of the screen, I guess, of the other side of the screen. the map to show for the audience. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. (keyboard clicking) Okay, nice armless and lovely chit-a-dee. I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing,MusicMusic This next part we have to do some armdits and all the men's head, even a little bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark So, we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we have a lot of people here, and we for don't listen any to do. If you don't listen any to do, then you're not going to listen any to do, then you're not going to listen any to do. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence >> That was good. >> Yeah. I hope you stand on me now. I'll do it right now. I'll do it right now. I'll do it right now. I'll do it right now. I'll do it right now. I'll do it right now. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING (door slams)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Silence I'm going to do the real 12 in open rss in the face. I'm going to do some co-root right in the global mind, what's your last? I'm going to do the thing that I'm not on. I'm going to do a new version of what's in the world. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePause You don't have to do that, either. I think it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt. It's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an I think it's a good thing to have an X-volt, because it's a good thing to have an X-volt, and Well Yes You You You You Yousilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Now, I'll turn it into that name. Thank you for watching. I've seen a black metal one in the middle of all under the wheel, and I've gone up and then roundbook back stretch for that to both of them. Okay, that's all. But yeah, there are other things that I hope I don't have to worry about. I don't have to worry about myself. I don't have to worry about myself. Yeah, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, theMusicMusicMusic I have to say that you have to get rid of all the things you have to do, so you don't have to worry about it. What's that all about?silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen and I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right side of the screen.MusicMusicMusic I'm going to use the other side of the screen to see if I can get the effect of the effect I don't think he'll attach that. I don't think he'll attach that. I don't think he'll attach that. I don't think he'll attach that. I don't think he'll attach that. I don't think he'll attach that. I don't think he'll attach that. I don't think he'll attach that. I don't think he'll attach that. I don't think he'll attach that. I don't think he'll attach that.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) - Oh, mm-hmm, that comes with rings. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence So it was a little bit more like a 2/3 of the main thing, I had problems with the cinema Yeah, yeah, well, but that's a little bit too many that will look like it right on all of them.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clacking) I don't think that's the best. It's the first time I've ever seen a video about it. Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game, I don't know what to do with this game (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the box, and then I'll put it in the boxMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I'm not fat, I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet. I'm not yet And I'll see a bit going on in a bit down and I'll see if I can get that just as well. I'll see you later. I'm going to switch here and I'll just go on. (knocking on door) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected B.S.R.E.silence I can't even call my job to just push it up, I'm going to hand it over to the house. I'm going to make a nice little hole in the other end so I'm going to call all of it to face it, and I'm just going to go ahead and push this. I'll go back to my shoes, and that's it all there. Thank you for watching. (clicking) I'll see you in the next video.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence I don't know if I can do it. Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you. Thank you. (clock ticking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING