[00:01:16.82] OneOdio FM1:	So, let's say you're going to have to go to the next page, and you're going to have next page page page page page page page page page page (knocking on door)MUSIC Friends, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Background Sounds Music Music Music SilenceMUSIC Silence SilenceMUSIC ♪ And I'll tell you ♪ ♪ To sell it for all she felt ♪ ♪ Downside, she's down ♪ ♪ For so long, can't believe it should happen ♪ ♪ I feel the ride to the heart, it's still there ♪ Music Silence Silence Yeah, just start to be.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence (grunting) - Oh. - Mm. (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) Silence Silence Silencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no audiono audiono audio Thank you for watching. So, that's what I'm talking about, but it's really good.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm not my only concern. Maybe I'm joking. Just my experience. I have to rely on the Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to rely on Daniels to Pause Pause Pause Pause Silence Silencesilence Jesus, what the fuck? What's in this box in this room?silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silenceno audio Silence Silence Silence Please pay for every now and then please do now.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceCAMERA CLICKINGpausepausepausepausepausepausepausepausepause Thank you very much. So I'm going to put on a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of And I can't see the other sides, and I can't see the other sides. It. Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. I'm going to get some of the stuff that I'm going to get. Silence Silenceinaudible SilenceLAUGH >> My arm is so impatient. I have a sound test. I have a sound test. I have a sound test. I have a sound test.silence It's a stretcher.silence I just need to make sure that one is a bit more. I'll need enough to show. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, SilenceINAUDIBLE You know, I'm not sure about f*cking on your card, not- *laughs* Which is a card, I'm just- *clicks* *clicks* *clicks* Background Sounds Background Sounds I have a little bit of a question. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSICMUSICno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)