[00:00:33.12] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silence Silenceinaudible I just wanted to try to do a run. Silence Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence that's just uh She boarded a particular key with the basis of a bank signature. She went on a banking website. Yeah, she's showing you in the website of a bank signature. Find the free to type in the wrong amount or suggest. Find the free to type in the wrong amount or suggest. Find the free to type in the wrong amount or suggest. Find the free to type in the wrong amount or suggest. Find the free to type in the wrong amount or suggest. Find the free to type in the wrong amount or suggest.PausePausePause Let's say this.silence Silence Silence I'll be totally familiar with the information, but I'm not a banking application, I'm a banking person, I'll be asking.silenceclicksilencesilence (clicking) What about him? Very smooth. What if you had, he doesn't do much? Just feeding the children. Silence Inaudible Remark That's a stupidity. Put it in your eye. Oh, it's your permanent vision, is it going? Yes, of course. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. What's up? Well, does that have to be asleep? That's stupid takes for a stupid supposed to get lots.Click It's a little bit more about that because I'm a super, super stupid.silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence Oop.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence I was like, she's still in it, that's right, but I don't know, anyway, I'm not serious. You've got to use my mind, so we're going to see what this means, making me obey. What is that at all? That's not true. Sounds to me like this whole hierarchicals, giving people all the streets up to become such a mess, such getting confused in my mind all the time, getting orders that I'm not sure if I understood it well because I'm not sure if I understood it well. as a cocoa language, sounds like you even within the lights, you can no longer use this either because of all the way of the way you think you need to command or bake, communicate what I mean, but it can also no longer use this practically, very much you need it all It's a phone call chatting a text message or something you can say about this, because this is just constant noise and garbage, only for most. I just thought I was asking what is it. I just thought I was asking what is it. I just thought I was asking what is it. I think it's the same. I think it's the same. I think it's the same. Oh, I'm sorry. So it's only the... yeah, the copy of it, that does. the . You have enough, I hope so. Wah!Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking I'm looking to use it. All the logic. You want to use it to rape people to to play your master's late thing so all your your your Disturbed sexual creditor Stuff that's what you believe all you use it for and then to boss people around to make sure that a They don't boss your own, they don't betray you, and I think you've probably found the whole eater of Teleptit and Poina. Nobody cares to use it for anything anymore. You've probably found the whole eater of Teleptit and Poina. That's not going to be a good example of that. Pause PauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Inaudible Remark (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I'm going to use writing, but it's going to work. I'm going to get everybody open to us. (door slams) (groaning) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silencesilence Silence Clicking Silence But what else do you want to do something about it now? That's something you wish you'd not be worrying about now. Just continue what you do because we're only making it worse. So how can it be to stop doing what you do? No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one is knocked. No one No one is knocked. The kind of makes sense, they're inferior to superior, I get it, but that won't stick, and you know it. Not just because society won't accept it, but also within yourself. I don't get it, let's do it. I don't think so.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Now what you're going to do, just set up and do whatever you need to get, whatever you need to do, just 50,000 euros thing. You shouldn't be talking just whether you're not on a ton, whether you're in the eye, whether you're somebody from whatever chair, whether you're the person with a big box. who does the actual money painting, just focus and the others focus on that single thing with you. Thank you very much. things you don't even know about, and stroke out, let's see, I think. That's the best thing to do. It won't, because my brain is not protected. My brain is not protected. If I know about those, these are strokes. It's not stroke-name, golf-line. It's just strokes, not That's not supposed to expose any of them.Music Silence (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence >> You're not going to be a project for me, yes? Well, I also pay boys a ride with the female voice. What is it? Kind of really often use the female voice. Why? Where I'm wrong, let's just say I'm wrong with the natural air, and then I'm being wrong from acting mistakenly legal so. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) I'll see you at the end of this video, bye bye.no audio What's going to be in the middle? (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, that's it, I think it's all done with sitting in bed. Oh, man, I'm so sorry to wait a little longer. I'm sorry to have let you go. Thank you for watching. I'm just going to get that sort of thing to do, and that's going to be a little bit So, I'm going to do all of that on the same panel. Thank you very much.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I don't know what I'm going to do.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You just have to leave some simple stuff in your styrofoam. Thanks for watching. Awesome.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yeah, we're seeing you on the way to the top right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) Silence Silence Silence >> What are you doing? You're doing a spin on this. So you know, that's being, you know, when you're in boxing, you know, you know. So that's being, you know, this is not my word.silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky, Siky I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll take it out, I'll takeno speech detectedno speech detected You know, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. Oops. So, it's quite a bit, but I'm really not so sure. So I just sent a sample of what I had done because I had a new object. So I just sent a sample of what I had done because I had a new object. I'm actually not telling you anything, I'm really not telling you.SOUNDsilencesilencesilence What's the new on the back of the deck is to turn around on the other. I got to go to the leaning feedback to all of us, call out to your can be by us, so I'll leave, I want to leave, just a minute, just a minute, I'll show you how I'm doing. In my role. So, I'll first play back before you change the role. This is it. This is it, oh. It's on the left, I don't know if it's this. It's on the right, it's on the left, I don't know if it's this. It's on the left, I don't know if it's this.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence Thank you very much. I'm not sure if I can get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to Do a thing that I can do that will not. I'm going to do a thing that I can do that will not. Do a thing that I can do that will not. If you want to touch the blue between your lips and the lipstick, you can use it as a I can help you man. Maybe I'll just be silent here. If you're simple, I won't say you have to be silent here. Ah, I don't know. I don't know who's... Who's going to come in? (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audio Now let's see. You need to... ...sameer the others. For some reason, blah blah. For some reason, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah I'm sorry, but I'm sorry. >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the room. Pause Pause Mm. to the moment. I don't know if I can do it. I'm really glad I did it. I'm really glad I did it. I'm going to give you a wish, bye bye! Tata! Is that true? So just one people, or what might happen in case this? Did you see the way? I'm really keen on it. That's my problem.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence But there is up to someone else, so please do it yourself, we'll split problems. Where the base has got my table, I always don't have to play that. So just a quick solution to know, like when you go to the business level, you stay maybe with your own character and then you play with that other one like comp, you can be playing with that, and watch this video. the same, the expense of the library, the library, the library, the library, the library, Shhh, no.Music I'm going to show you how to do it. I don't need that session now, let me solve it all in a few moments.MusicMusic I think it's up here. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option. So there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so So there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option, so there's an option. and you'll find a version of it in the back of the screen. Silence >> Elbit, system of abuse. I don't think so, that you can help. Besides who are you this time? I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. We're looking at Wikipedia because I wanted to know the number of employees at the company. When I saw the number 3000 before the sale of professional payroll service to the HIC. I was going to know, didn't I really get cold, that was 60,000? So yeah, 60,000. Three years earlier. So we have NDA and the new units, all right, we put them all together and then you and pieces for the evaluation which some state doesn't make any sense as well, or it doesn't. A whole bunch of other weird stories, I mean, this sound like it's two weirds from my long range, and then this cartel thing comes through and comes through to the surface, and even though it's like, if you dive into it, you can aim in so much from over the hill. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Great, very good, thanks. Thank you for your time, Scott, and we're going to see.Pause (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) If you're always looking for my treats and my lecture, I'm going to be a good student. The main thing about me to do to do is to have something for that every so often. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no speech detected So I shouldn't roll. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE Well, I have all the voting voting voting in the middle of the 15th So after audio line, we'll get to know what well like this tripod I'll take your board. Some of those. Mix it. Yeah, we have to know if it's a pen down in the rule of search inside.no speech detected Well, it's been a little... operations. Silence I'm just going to do some good stuff, do you mind if you need any help?PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speechno speechno speech Let me see those. It's going to go in the shell. It's going to run me. It's going to run me. It's going to run me. It's going to run me. It's going to run me. It's going to run me. It's going to run me. It's going to run me. It's going to run me. It's going to run me. It's going to run me. It's going to run me. the I'm so sorry, I don't know what to do, and all the time I'm standing on the ground, I'm not really... I'm not sure what to do. So now this is really... No, I'm not sure what to do. It's so years up, but on the phone, the baby step in, and the last one over the last instant. Start. Start. All the tin, more mere, monthly, passive, same, they are making my video as an anti, and there's more, the press or the press, since 14 years well. Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic So that's for a moment in the past. I don't know how to get my gun, but I'm not working on my gun either, I'm just eating. I'm not working on my gun either, but I'm not working on my gun either, I'm just eating. Now I've been through the question so I think I need to tell all the drudgingness. Thank you. That's a lot better than a commutable design. All right. Can you stop talking about these node factors? Let's see, again, it's not looking at the people that are suffering the way you talk about it. The numbers don't tell you what, tell you much if you do start like like ping-dolling and sound the brushes. This is all my fantastic nudging brainwashing results. Planned to face that. To all people out at home. Chris?Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking I had a depression, but I said I got kicked out of the program. mental health, mental hospital, for eight months and it must be too difficult and my parents for a few months or a half a year and during that period I was really no advocate, I tried everything, I tried to seek help and then I was really happy. I hope they won't seek me any further, I just did not know where it will go next. But I was at my parents and they helped me through it.Sighs When will you be? Someone real? nothing nice of all that's so malicious freaking slow and (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePause And also some of the shibnino's things I want to do to help our cake is what we need to help to see the bread, and the dough is good for the day. Silence Silence I'm not that dumb, but I was so, you know, both of you. Wait, that's normal. I don't know how to... ...conflicts the channel. I'm sorry, I didn't know so. I can't move. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I didn't know so.silencesighssighs Let me talk about mission. Let me show you that I'm showing that perspective a bit. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Well, that's not too good from the mess, that's the draw-up, there's more of a thing buildings I sell a lot of people. That's it, we lost the top, we're going to need to open it up, we're going to need to open it up.PausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (coughs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door) Let's move on to the other one. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilence Now, see ignore. How's it ignore? Silence Silence and . (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) I'll see you in the next video.PausePause All right, man.Pauseno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence >> I'll see you later. Pause Inaudible Remark So please let me be and transfer it from aligned if you've been aligned. I am alone. I am completely alone on the world. I am alone on the world. (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence >> I miss you, boss.silence That's a lot shorter, sure, sure, sure, sure. Ah, I don't know what will happen.scoffs We need a scalpel.silence Silence You'll soon be in the next video. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it in the back. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it in the back. I'm going to read it in the back. I'm going to read it in the back.no speech detected Silence Silence So, as you said, in the end, we're all in the same room. We're going to show the core back in the time of insomnia. I think it's better if you get an extra cent of him better than him. Well, that's it. I was wondering where to get that. Where we are going to be in the new section, then going this to the cool one. I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this. I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this. I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence >> Oh, it's OCEP. Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yes, sir. Thank you very much. (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (knock on door) What do you see in your hands, what are the dates for them? What's in your hands, then? What's in your hands, then? What's in your hands, then? What's in your hands, then? What's in your hands, then? That's all money will I. Here's your old style and the rest of our company. Pause Pausesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesniffsilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door)no audioINAUDIBLE Oh, I'm going to go to name that data, top please.no speech detectedno speech detected No! Is it still hard? The medialect has worked for the 8th Dutch. 8th Dutch. In the 8th Dutch. I need this once. I need this once. I need this once. I need this once. I need this once. I need this once. I need this once. (knocking on door) Silence Silence Silence Silence Thanks for watching. There's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a lot of trouble there and there's a and then we'll show you another one, and then we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line, and we'll do a deeper line.INAUDIBLE We're going to come this way with much of the story that we will take in lunch. We'll take the upper lot out and we'll take the upper lot out and we'll take the upper lot on the other side. We'll take the upper lot out and we'll take the upper lot out and we'll take the upper lot out. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm super No, it is super strong and that's what I'm talking about I want to speed it up I'm sure I can do it I want to speed it up No, thanks You (clicking sound) Well, I'll put this on too, well, that's not, but let's open it. Anyway, laptop is the time I have laptop. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE After someone new, we can shop new, in 5th century, we are here to open the new ones. We are here to open the new ones. We are here to open the new ones. We are here to open the new ones. We are here to open the new ones. We are here to open the new ones. We are here to open the new ones.silencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark I'm going to have to open this to the base for using exhausts. Let's move the exhaust for 1.12 maybe. Pause Pause I'm going to put it on the right side of the screen.silencesilence the . I always feel like I'm not a bad guy.INAUDIBLE I'll skip over the 7th hack I saw you off. I need to open it. I'll try to finish it off. That's it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSIC Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) Pause You should spend the work that's in the video. I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono audio SilenceMusicMusic (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio Silence Silence (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts) (grunts)LAUGH (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLESOUND (coughing) Nah. (coughing) (banging) (banging) (banging) (banging) (banging) (banging) (banging) (banging) (banging) (laughs) Yeah. (keyboard clicking) Yeah. Yeah. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (shouts) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (dog barks) (dog barks) (dog barks) (dog barks) (dog barks) (dog barks) (screaming)silence (knocking on door) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)NOISECLICKINGno audiono audiosilencesilenceMusicMusic Um... um... Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, helloMusicMusic (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (scraping sound) (growling) - What the fuck? (growling) (scraping sound) (scraping sound) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Nah.BANGINGBANGINGBANGINGBANGINGBANGING (knocking on door) La! Ooooo! Ooooo! Ooooo! (coughing) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)MUSICsilencesilencesniffingsniffingsilencesilence Huh?silencesilencesilenceMusicCAMERA CHATTERno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (screaming) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE It's a little out. I'm going to head on to...SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (laughs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You do not understand what I'm talking about, do not understand what I'm talking about. Two of us are still, need two of us are still, there's a lot of stuff left out. We'll see you in the next video. No, that's insane, it's not insane. But you can happen, and I'm not my parents, they are not my telepathic parents, they are not. I have real parents, I love them, and they love me, and those are my parents. Periods, boomed. Stop coming up with these stupid humiliating things. We are still here. Now, for me to say that, that's all the people I request, it's humanely thing to me. It's humanely thing to work with, it's humanely thing to work with. It's humanely thing to work with, and I'm not sure what those other two people haven't right with this. If it is indeed them, which I'm pretty sure is boys. So right now, I'm a bit, I'm not going to, I'm not going to, I'm not going to fit that out again. Pause In my video make sure they stay awake every night until midnight and an hour or so and I publish the article for a half hour and then I publish it again. Would you like that, maybe?Sighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence And it's also the snowsome years.silencesilence And why is that an actual zoom problem? You have no problem with my 3 year long zoom to use. and then we will see if we can get up there. That's not a problem. We have also built up the windows of the professional domes. I will show you in the telepath. This is a great microphone. Pause Pause I'm going to touch the panel there, and I'm going to touch the panel there, and I'm going to touch the panel there.INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and and and and I was just going to say that I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it.sniff Oh, I don't know if you see anything. We'll spark something that we don't met here until we'll walk, and now we're going to move in the middle of the bar, and then we're going to move in the middle of the bar. So keep it in place. I'm not going to show you. I never did clean my parents drove a money in there. One of them had a money, and Mama Papa is not too much. I had all my childs. Every year in the winter, 10 million dollars of friends in the rest. Mama Papa has 17% interest. There's not a lot. You all know. Yeah, it's all good, and then you leave this with a little bit of a personal test result and my man must have liked it a long time ago.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't even like it, it's a bit of a kill almost ever. first thing to announce of the box frame or the other box frame, and that was a success. But to the whole world, I'm not saying. Silence Inaudible Remark (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I brought another bread because that's a little dealt sicker. I'm going to put this in the oven. I'm going to put this in the oven.Silence Why do you want to see questions that you're going to do in that country? And I noticed a small mole, so stop asking me to sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and So hang on here.BELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGS That's a big problem. We will figure it out. We will have a reason to maybe reach out and talk about something.door opensdoor opens I saw this. Oh, I'm going to get it, I'm going to get it, I'm going to get it, I'm going to get it. Now, I just go click here and I'm going to get some more details on my health and then you.no audiono audioINAUDIBLE That's the other thing more, first.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to pause the car all the time because he has troubles steering with sound. .INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know, still to a shame to say what you don't wish for, always say that you will never pay or you're actually going to do something this time, or whoever else, wherever I'll make sure you just don't. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the So that's a C2-1000 Palace frame buttock on the main. Test that to the... ...without a little car. I'm going to just hold on, I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. I'm going to be on the back. Hey, well, I hope you enjoyed this video, that's it. I want to keep my image in there. That is a lot of money. That's a lot of money on earth. (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Music Peter, do you have time to talk to Thomas? I'm off with a lot of things made to do. I'm off with a lot of things made to do. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE *cough* And I had a nits go to Copenhagen, I had just to go to Bielfer. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)MusicMusicMusic I can move out of the room. Oh, it's too hot. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, it's hot. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MusicMusicMusic (keyboard clicking) Let's move on.silenceno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence I don't need babies. people will not have a dialogue with this instructor and that need to do this one thing now to make sure that it has actually a chance to be just in a constructive dialogue. That's why this needs to be happening today. If you cannot do it, if you want to do it, get somebody else from a light here. Just get somebody willing to get this dog today. Ask somebody there. Can't do this.silencesilencesilencesilence Let's find the first bay and then we can ignore it. Good to have you here, bro. You got a tapo, sir, do you want to have this one, please? But you're more sure that the rest of the video will actually come to control it, but it's too close to the title now.silence Oh, they do understand this. You're like you're saying they don't understand how I was in the free march, that's how I was able to say this and make them include boobies. Is that what you're saying? But this how can you be telling an experience that you went through and write it down and something that people understand that it's credible if it is not the person. It's not fishiness but life. So long I earned a lot of this and it's not just because I wanted to get paid back. If I didn't put names there, then it doesn't sound real. That could just be one of those 16,000 employees and whatever country of the 60 countries or whatever the lights was in like then. It smells real.silencesilence Yeah, that'd be shocking. Well, the more shocking it's about all, then I actually didn't follow the previous Thank you guys for being here much more. I always see how you are very upset what's the verdict and I need to decide to do this I don't know you you you Sorry, I'm out of these. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Oh, I don't know what to do to be capable of. I think we are creating a hotel on it's own. I think we are going to go to a social media, some book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a book or a I think we are creating a hotel on it's own. There's no perfect, I'll hold it.silencesilence Pause Pause >> This is Zona's, I don't know, it's close.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMUSIC Background noise >> Charity, the dimensions of the sketch.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. I'm gonna get my hands on you. That's what I expected. I'm going to put it in here, paper right, big coin I'm going to put it in here, I'll put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, paper right, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin I'm going to put it in here, big coin Isilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, yes, it's going to be a very bad thing to do in New Year's, you know.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSilenceSilenceSilence What's going on here, is that we're going to do this now, because we're going to do this in 2021. I'm going to have to go back to the camera, so I can see that I'm actually going to give them a notice. I'm going to tell you everything. (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know exactly what to do, but I'm a little disappointed. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't I don't know exactly what to do, but I don't know exactly what to do. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not here, it's sort of a bit better than what I'm doing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video.SighsSighsSighs Now we do set the light. That's not good. Because when I was my ass, I was going to rush over to see me. Not for a while. I'm not going to rush over to see you.COUGHno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Well, I mean, it's only wanting a video on this program, I wish I could have a sit-down and then a style would happen, don't you? And then we'll have to go to court, I just wanted to have a face facelift session with you on the boys. Maybe with the Honda L like I said, I mean, three years later, is this will happen to all by the wrong? That's all I wanted to do. Now we're in the meeting room. That's it. Here we go.silencesniffsilencesilencesilence Thank you. We're really not there. That is completely separate. That's already. I'm going to go over here.clickclick >> Stop the vote. (sniffing) Right, so it's a V-note for tonight. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, this is really what's happening all this is happening. All three of you. So, this is really what's happening. Background Sounds Background Sounds You're all done, bro. You're all done, bro. You're all done, bro. You're all done, bro. You're all done, bro. So now... So now... So now... So now...inaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE All right, we're there. 400s context that would change the name that I named. That's four or five years ago. You must have come for that. Let me leave. Silence Silence All the way to just the green lot comes to compelter, guess I'll need to fill it. Well I think we know how you do it on your own, build it on your fishing water for our next time. Now you're going to say that you're going to run around and move, you're going to actually be somewhere in the same room with me to do this, when you figure out how to do it. Maybe you can. What I want. Hello. Hello.silenceinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and I also told him in the evening that he was still in the hospital. But in our midst, if you sent, it would be more than a year from the day that you had. So, we are going to take another one out of this. We are going to put this up. I can't say it was an outing of stuff. We are going to put this up in our midst. We are going to put this up in our midst. I'll just show that so we can go on the Mac. That's all here. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Okay.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this. I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this. (speaking in foreign language) Thank you guys.silencesilence Pause >> 50,000 now for the 50,000.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to close the line and come out of the rest of the sh*t. The other sh*t will move straight out of the line. I'm going to come out of the sh*t.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Silence I see you're a part you're presenting. Yes, my count is full. So I'm going to start off with a call sign and you can call me in the end, and then you start off with that name. You drop in the end of the bidet of the end of the And for assignment, I'll just throw it on an all-new ball. in his own Africa. He was not in the hands of the vocalist for a long time. So, he was lucky and lucky. He didn't have to be a hero. He was lucky and lucky. He was lucky and lucky. He was lucky and lucky. He was lucky and lucky. He was lucky and lucky. He was lucky and lucky. He was lucky and lucky. He was lucky and lucky. He was lucky and lucky. He was lucky and lucky. He was lucky and lucky, and on the back of the road, you put all the air in the water. What I tell you in the name of your social doctorate, I know you belong to Stanne Kald, and you have a natural social doctorate channel, and you're sick, that's for the child's due, so show me the doctor, and you'll be able to do that. So I'm going to go ahead and do the refugee training from Tom Petting and Heartbreakers, I'm not the ex, if you turn it all, be the only one.Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)  And you'll take a kid   You'll be a kid   You'll have to be a kid   You'll have to be a kid   You'll have to be a kid   You'll have to be a kid   You'll have to be a kid   You'll have to be a kid  MusicMusic Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Music Music Music Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music Silence With the entire 60 years, you've found a tremendous amount of wood in the dummers and you can see in them there is a thing of wood at the market, and it's a contract that you'll see taken into part of your work. From the 70th to part of your work, you'll see an angle of sight and if you see a bit of an accident as a refugee and downright of downstate the number end of the tunnel, it's over the top of the tunnel, like a rifle. and hard-breakers. We had allowed the top 30 older ones just in Timberlake, so we talked about it as a hit, and it spilled it. Me, in a piece of the top 30,000 crores, that was an animatical one, where you had a drawback from Timberlake. All right. It spilled a bit. I understand, and even on that drawback. The Oak Sound Jack, me, made it, and then, for example, five of them, that's what you're looking for. On Twitter, I understand Timberlake inMusicMusic Inaudible Remark I don't have any more life.MusicMUSIC all of the people doing something. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMUSIC I can't stop, I can't stop, I can't.MUSICMUSICMUSIC And that is 80 Swans Day Jules. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And with the coats on it's all about summer. In her dating space she was part of the job. The 80s and 30s and 30s. The 80s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30s and 30 The 80s and 30s and 30s. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) See you next time. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. For example, in the meeting, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can Energy's been made.BELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGS with the anti-dime machines on steel. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) For I think we are in DVDs, and maybe it's one of the 100 famous DVDs. Give me a life-saving information before we get to the DVDs.MusicMUSIC I know you're happy to be your friend, so what can I pay you in the law? You should not run now, and not maybe you. You can always have me right behind, and you don't.  Maybe you're a part of the one thing in it.   Who are you, honey, or not?   Who are you, and I'm just a friend of the world   And I talk with you, baby. MUSICMUSIC  And he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he  What can we do back in the past?   Give me just a little bit more.   Baby, don't be stupid.   Please don't be stupid.   Papa, don't be stupid.   I've been in the forest for three years.   But me, oh,   Give me just a little bit more.   Don't be stupid.   Keep me up here, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  Always be, it's about the feet you need   You can't do this, you can't do this   You can't do this, you can't do this   You can't do this, you can't do this   Don't be, you can't do this   I think I'm gonna say   What I think I'm gonna say   I think I'm gonna say   What I think I'm gonna say   I think I'm gonna say   What I think I'm gonna say   I think I'm gonna say   What I think I'm gonna say   I think I'm gonna say  (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Yeah, this was Stapper and Breach and of course, it was a controversial number. So, for you, Breach, this was the first diesel-wheeled Eiling-Troars-rex in 1913. That's a tactic, because of the team members' fangirls. Papa and Ren Breach, and all that Madola, it is from a person free. But, I'll tell you all about it. Can't be said to me.MUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic  I'll give you a few minutes to finish this   With kids that might need you   Some of you do this   I'll give you a few minutes to finish this   I'll give you a few minutes to finish this   I'll give you a few minutes to finish this   I'll give you a few minutes to finish this   I'll give you a few minutes to finish this   I'll give you a few minutes to finish this MUSICMusic Music Music Music Music >> There's some faculty over the area. I see a bedroom, Charlene, and some tixels of the relational team. Okay, inner smile. Something that I started to draw is, but we build this area, and it's a lot of the moment.MUSICPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause Pause  I want to dance, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to sing, I want to MusicMUSIC Music Music (audience laughing) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughter) (laughter) Music Silence Silence So I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go to the show easy, I'm going to go toSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language Out of all we won lots of joy, right? Anything in the tin, now the hoax of the universe, too, 40. The party and the latter come to day's ends in honour. Oh, you fucking interesting, the light of sour.MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (laughing)  Catch you up, ready to fly MusicMUSICMUSICMusic  In the name of the world   In the name of the world   In the name of the world   In the name of the world   In the name of the world   In the name of the world   In the name of the world   In the name of the world   In the name of the world MUSICMUSIC  I ain't gonna be there for long till you Music  Oh, oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Music >> My birthday gift, Shobni-Like, is an entertainer Alex Rolomov involved in role model. You can watch the video tonight, and by the fourth was on the 50% full entertainer of the show, and the entertainer of the role model. Fame went lovely bright, and scattered, that felt, that was spent on If you want to learn something, you have to go through the process of the process. If you want to learn something, you have to go through the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the process of the If you want to learn something, you have to go through the process of the process. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) before you go on a regular site. Go on off! Here we go. We've got a little bit more to talk about and I'd like to say to you that it's a container of some shame, and here we go. Here we go, and here we go, and here we go, and here we go, and here we go, and here we go. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusic  It's all just the same, yeah, baby   You can't be my body   You can't be my body   You can't be my body   My body, my body Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) MusicMUSICMUSIC  I can't raise  (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMUSICMusicMusicMusicMusic Thank you very much. (singing in foreign language)  No, I can't change my word   I'll get you to just do the dirty   Oh, oh, oh   I'm ready to let you go   Oh, so, do you care you want my life   What if you can't get mine   Oh, yeah, make it worse Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)  Ready to let you go, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) So I'm sorry that you didn't have to go out here, he was on the internet, so you don't have to go out to your television or to social media, and that is a new music in all my back and good numbers, and before you leave me, we'll have a look here at Joe. Yeah, I tell you that's what we have here in the literature. It's a man who is born under the name Patrick Bengri. Of course, a lot of thought needs to be done with the ability to read the English, and a well-readed, lovely voice, or fear to be mad, making the negative out of it, and of course, the F5 is a system forks, but they don't really have a package for that. A man who has been working here for a decade, this month's central state here at the show, finally got a package with all of his other records, and there's also a couple of fantastic numbers up for the so-called "plastic" anthem, and of course, Kratzela's one. That's from the grenze. I was very familiar with that moment, but a few years ago I was doing a live album. I was watching the album, and then I found myself a real classic. I think we'll see that in the next 60 years. That's it for today. This is Kertje Laven.MusicMUSICMUSICMUSICMusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language)  On the water, but it's so full of heat   And then I'll get a tube and get a tub of starch   And the bathroom is a big, huge, huge, huge, huge   And the bathroom has been a lot of things   And then I'll get a tube up and a tube up   And then I'll get a tube up and a tube up   And then I'll get a tube up and a tube up  Music >> I need to move forward. I'm a doctor, I'm a doctor, I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor, I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor, I'm a doctor.MUSIC Music Music (singing in foreign language)  It feels like I'm in the shootin'   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?   Can you give me this song?  Music Music Music >> Three music. >> It is shown. MusicMusicMusic MusicMusic Music Music >> Yeah, because what you do well that I met with just in a 45-year-old sister, hold it to your life, and they've come out here and have a 60-pound baby. >> Yeah, well, it's Andy's man, that's you. >> That's all he day and day needs, I'd be out of here. >> We can do that. >> Yeah, this is our last 20, 180 things. We start snuffing these, my co-worker. The safety dance is going to bring you to a man's heart. If you're in a relationship, you're going to live a happy life. I'm going to be a doctor, and if you're not here, I'm going to make a whole new world. The evening of the day, we're going to celebrate that we're going to a trip. That we're going to be able to make a trip. We're going to be able to make a trip. We're going to be able to make a trip. Let's back on the little pubg in the vehicle. I'm excited to be here. I'm excited. Yeah, I'm just going to walk. What is it? I'm going to need to be sure to take a few feet.SINGINGSINGINGSINGINGSINGING (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And it was a wink that's full of the horror and pain in it. Full of it. It's a very powerful song. FIFFE. *Humming* My name is Edie's Mante. That's the principle. It's also our job. Here's your stretch. With two beautiful classicers from your heart attack. Here's the phrase "metaple", and you're the first one to sing it with your right hand. Good day. In a normal year, you sing "bevanger transporter". We have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about sports, about and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have been talking about sports, and we have and a third-year-old man, but that's not true. The government that is responsible for us. On the day of the attack on Sypark, September and other countries, the man from whom he was attacked by his car, he saw him in the car, as if he were in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was in a car and he was the man from whom he was attacked by his car. The man nebt even in the equivalent of his teacher and he'd momentail an echo band. Experts believe that more of them were playing outside, and that's why a natural three-year-old works as a program for the children, so that they can see what activities they can do outside, and that would not always be the main reason for it. Experts can make a dream come true. We have to go to bed. We are now able to get to the hospital, to get to the children's hospital, to the hospital with the seeds. We are also able to get to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with the seeds, to the children's hospital with We are now able to get to the children's hospital, to the children's hospital with the seeds. on the hill to walk into and at the end of the wakia the council of the region for the spring. It was a quarter between the 20th and the 20th of the Rons France, in Bordos, between the 26th and the 20th of the year. In Bordegas, the council of the region, that was about 17 or 18 years ago, in the rest of the wakia, and in Bordegins, which in fact, had a lot of work with the rest of the wakia, and that was the time of the 18th year. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I'm not sure if I'm right or not Music So you like the rest of the thing, is this. I'm gonna play a little bit more. I'm gonna play a little bit more. (upbeat music) I'm gonna play a little bit more. I'm gonna play a little bit more. I'm gonna play a little bit more. I'm gonna play a little bit more. I'm gonna play a little bit more. I'm gonna play a little bit more. I'm gonna play a little bit more. I'm gonna play a little bit more. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusicMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music >> Speaking in foreign language We can record now with the most extreme, it's in 4th century, that's how the concert took place. We'll do something like that after we get lucky from that punk and for all the Williams fans. We can also pop up with God, that punk, the famous Elop from the For all Williams number, from Nine Rogers. As we saw in the studios, it's got a tip to the indicator, I think, head lucky. In the top 40 songs, Elop, you had it completed. Only in the middle of the world, between one and four of you, you can find a lot of other and shondon tracks after four hours, and until that time, we will be here with a music date, because we are going to record the song and we will also see an easy moment. We will always be happy with the world and we will always be happy with an 80's easy. You will find the tracks which are very beautiful, they are very beautiful, they are very beautiful. I'll be back in a minute. Taylor Swift is on the back of the weekend. We're going to Paris. We're going to Sweden, and we're going to be here tonight. We're going to be here tonight. We're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight, and we're going to be here tonight.  Home in your heart, no more fat, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no moreMUSICMUSICMusic Music  At the end of the day   This is my heart, some that I never knew   This little fence is my strength   And it will get me to me   And I'll let you see me   Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  Music Music Music Music >> See you, too. >>Inaudible >> I was supposed to be sent away and I forgot to come on and get me. I was a functionally, I was moved by a new smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the smell of the  And for our four-inch band, dear, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what,MusicMusic Beware of the warhead who blunts you, so long time since you are alive For heaven and night, you're not blind to me Into good people's life on its flannels I wanna share the truth, to talk of war And beware of the warhead who blunts youMusicMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSICMusic I think it's all set in a little bit worse how I'm going to toast my loan. You need to take a lot of short, short night. Yeah, it's a perfect meal. It'll be able to do a long, good moment without air at store. I'll save me a mental activity. It's not your daughter pocket. I'm still a little secure. I'm going over there. Yes. Good going, baby. Paul. (clap) There's that Galeemot suit, I'll still use my beauty, so I'll just call them that. Is this it? Go on, Yonnes. I'm going to close back to the other side of the room. I'm going to turn this over to the other side of the room. I'm going to turn this over to the other side of the room. I'm going to turn this over to the other side of the room. Let's do this too. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudiblesilencePausePause (clicking)silence Pause Pause You know what, I'll show you this one. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Oh, I'm beat.MUSIC Hello, hello. What's your name? I'm from Waldo. I'm a lost title. Fine. I'll do that. Very. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. >> I'm going to push him out there. >> I'm going to.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Let me just add another one to this one down. I'm going to add another one down. I'm going to add another one down. I'm going to add another one down. The most powerful. I love you most when I turn it down. I love you most when I turn it down. I love you most when I turn it down. I love you most when I turn it down. I'm going to make a stock that I think is a little bit loose. I'm going to make a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of I'm going to make a stock that I think is a little bit loose. We're going to look like that. So all that's that option. That's it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm not sure if you can do that. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a good thing it doesn't look like it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it, but it's a good thing to see it I'm going to put it in. I'm going to touch the edge. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think I need a little more time to get back to work. That's how I need to work. I need a little more time to get back to work. I need a little more time to get back to work. I need a little more time to get back to work. I'm not doing anything. I'm doing a part. I'm not doing anything. I'm not doing anything. I'm not doing anything. I'm not doing anything. I'm not doing anything. I'm not doing anything. >> Here's the secret of a narrow case secret of a. I'll start putting tickets in here and I'll come down there and see how this all happened a lot. Thank you very much.SniffingSniffing (coughs)COUGHINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And then the long, long, long push, some of them, long push, not for the long push, and that's extra f, and that's another equivalent. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the house. I'm going to have to go to the other side of the house. (sniffing) Pause Enter the starting of the whole project, which is for us, ellipse. I'm going to show you what I'm doing here, I'm going to open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it upMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I'll see you in the next video. Thank you.COUGH That's perfect, I'm going to do a little bit of the small ones, and we'll need a half-salt by the other side of the bowl. I don't know, I'm supposed to go out and say, "Follow me." Thank you very much. I'm going to have to go back to the other side of the map. Oh, I think I'll do it. Okay, here it is. I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking This should be the second, please. Please.ClickClickClickClickClickClickClickClick (sniffing) - He's in it. (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence SilenceMusic Bitcoin people, 30 dollars.Music I need to say you don't want to be on the earth. I'm not going to let you go. So now you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you can see that you Bye, no kiss tommorow.