[00:00:03.14] OneOdio FM1:	Music MusicMusicMUSICMUSIC Music Music Music MusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music Sound EffectsMUSIC Music (coughing) (classical music) (classical music) (classical music) MusicMUSICMusic I'll do something like that for you so I can make sure that you don't have to worry about the new one, but the stuff, the stuff, the stuff, the stuff, the stuff, the stuff, the stuff Music Right there, semi-alcoholic. I'll go to study for the Favonus Prakonya also. I'm a deepest...Music I'm going to grab a flag, and I'm going to grab a list of lower places. (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Music Music Silence ♪ Now it's the day to the end ♪ ♪ Now it's the day to the end ♪ ♪ Now it's the day to the end ♪ ♪ Now it's the day to the end ♪MUSIC Music Music Music Music Silence Silence Music Silence SilenceBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPING Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background noiseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds I don't know what to say. They don't know what to say. They don't know what to say. They don't know what to say. They don't know what to say. They don't know what to say. They don't know what to say. They don't know what to say. They don't know what to say. They don't know what to say. They don't know what to say. Inaudible We're actually going to set it up, we're actually going to set it up, we're going to set it up. We're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up We're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going to set it up, we're going Hello, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show. InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC Background SoundsINAUDIBLE down the mountain.inaudible Inaudible I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you, I don't want to be a fan of you Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Why don't you just walk out of some kind of picture to see if you can have it? You want to not want to have it? The war will be a surge. Yeah, that's right. Well, for what reason? You're the worst example. It's a big trouble, so... Inaudible Inaudible Remark So, we can have a few other things about my experience.inaudible Music Background noise Silence >> See, I think I like just a million there. I think a lot of us, but there's 30 talks, so So I'm going to try and set it up for yourself. Plus, in my bedroom, in the middle of my room, sitting at the window and doing it. So, are you ready for the decision, please? Thank you very much. Silenceinaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleinaudibleMusicinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (inaudible) Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) miss all the things we're going to do. That's what I'm going to do for you. Through the shoes, for you to go and walk with you. I think it's really good to do this. It's very good for you to take a few years. But we want to treat that. We can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. So, I'm going to go to the other side of the table. So, I'm going to go to the other side of the table. So, I'm going to go to the other side of the table. (inaudible)inaudible You are going to promise you everything, let's say it, yep. So, we're going to have 20, 100, and you're going to come. We're going to go and get some help on work. We're going to come to you.inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark So don't forget to give me a hint. Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Where do you want to do someone to go and go and go and come? Full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, full staff, I don't need back that. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 Silence Silence Inaudible Remark That's a couple of parts, right? On November 19th and about 15th, we're going to go to the front of the house to think about those bad things, if you're off there, I need to do this. That's just a situation. Finally, we're going to go to the back of the house. But if you go to the back of the house,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds So, when you come to Chattanooga, you're the Chattanos for the loud rangers, you're the pilot. So, when you come to Chattanooga, you're the pilot. So, when you're the pilot, you're the pilot. So, when you come to Chattanooga, you're the pilot. So, when you come to Chattanooga, you're the pilot. So, when you come to Chattanooga, you're the pilot. So, when you come to Chattanooga, you're the pilot. So, when you come to Chattanooga, you're the pilot. So, when you come to Chattanooga, you're the pilot. So, when you come to Chattanooga, you're the pilot. Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark I'm saying that you're going to change it, but for the United States, you need to change this way. If you fall into it, you'll fall into it. You've got to start from showing the power. You've got to do it before you're watching the United States. Thank you. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (indistinct) Inaudible Remark Here are two little foods. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? We have a lot of tools. Get, not really very, you don't want to shoot me to another time. Shoot me to another time. Okay. See you next time. Okay. For the first time. Okay. I'm going to leave it on the screen right before. I'll give you a minute. Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Welcome.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Silence Silence Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence So, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've done this, this is the first time I've Inaudible and get your left arrow in the middle of it. In the half of the surface, and through the middle of the surface. Background noise Inaudible Remark You're doing much better. Background noise Background noise Background noise Pause Pause Pause Music Thank you very much. Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Music Silence Background noise Background noise Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark You can hear it, one, you can hear it on both, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five times, you can hear it on five timesMusic Background Sounds Silence Silence Thank you. Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence is working on a load.Pause This is the load. So you can get a lot of water from the bottom of the bottom before you get to that job.Pause This is the load.Pause This is the load. This is the load. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Inaudible Remark So, I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. Inaudible Remark Thank you.inaudible Inaudible Remark In fact, we are feeling more and more comfortable. In a safe way, thank you very much for that. We are feeling a little bit more comfortable today. Food. We have all the options for food. For sure, we have food. Specials. Food, and I want to thank you very much for your first meal. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Thank you very much. Inaudible Inaudible Remark I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I'm going to be very good at this, I Don't look to a day, mate. Wagon, thanks for your time. It's not a problem. It's not a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's not a problem. It's a problem. It's not a problem. It's not a problem. It's not a problem. It's not a problem. It's not a problem.inaudible that cannot be increased by a hoses of concern for an additional 14% of the human species. A hundred and forty-four of the human species are down, down to the second. So we must follow the lead. So we must follow the lead. Inaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark in the top they all are lunch, you know. So we have to do that a bit. We have a lot of private visits to the town so we should be familiar with the rental service and the rest of it. But most of the people are not in the market. We have a separate community type type, and we should ask the people Okay, first of all. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, and they showed me one. So I'm going to say, yeah, you know, forget a lot of everything. You know, if you're going to be on this, you can do it a second. So that's it. So I'm going to talk to you about that. So let's come on. So let me not go and solve. Please.Music In the dark atlas, on the edge of the sky. Inaudible I think that any time the waste has gone lost, we didn't find any electricity, electricity, we didn't hear any radiation, it didn't start. So we're going to work. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark to have this in my community. Following the version that I was going to provide with today, I mean my phone calls. Whether it be a workplace, a job, or a lot of my people, maybe you can't do this yet, which is how it works. It's a fact, it's a community, and it even happens. Let's take the evidence. If there's a problem in the road, you're going to lose your image. I think I should first recognize all the problems in the rocket essentially. Okay, let's take the work for it. Grab it. Music Music Music Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm not saying it's not a job or a job. We didn't do it, sir. I'm not going to be getting it.Music Background Sounds Silence Background noise Inaudible Remarkinaudible MusicMusic Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise (inaudible)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silenceinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudibleinaudible So I'm going to go ahead and take a look at this one, I'm going to go ahead and take So, I'm going to change it. So, I'm going to change it. So, I'm going to change it. So, I'm going to change it. So, I'm going to change it. So, I'm going to change it. So, I'm going to change it. So, I'm going to change it. So, I'm going to change it. So, I'm going to change it. So, I'm going to change it. Inaudible Remark your determination to be a champion for your life, for your innocence, for your relaxing feeling and for your type of life. I'm going to tell you this. So, you know, do you have to be a champion? Inaudible Remark Background noiseINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise (crow cawing) (crow cawing) - What are you doing today, Mr. Mayor? The modification is going to return to the next floor. Come on, I think we've been doing this for the last few seconds. We'll put everything up in the bell. - Ah, that's a way to pack the little, little, little partner. Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Silence Background noise Inaudible Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Music Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Background noise Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background noise Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Thank you very much. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Remark So, I started a lot of everything, so I was just going to do a lot of knowledge and I was going to be back on shoot. I had to do a lot of mathematics. Silence Silence Background Sounds >> I don't know why they're like so often. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Well, I just have to put it on the side, do that drain, have a little bit of a bit of that flow. I'm going to do a little bit of that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, do that, doinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark on the computer clock, she got some dates in the auto-series, and she told me, "Nira, "a date is going to be staying at 9/7." The doctor recommended me to take the same rare virus as the shark, and it will work for the next period, and it's serious, just about the golden blood from the surface to the life of the shark. She told me to work for the next period. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible how you actually get to know the benefit of all that around. You know the benefit of the sound of that. This is really good. Bye, guys.silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Dr. D. Scope, Dr. D. Scope, Dr. D. Scope, Dr. D. Scope, Dr. D. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope, Dr. Scope We were at the end of the day, you know, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, we were at the end of the day, Inaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE We should believe in our vision. Okay, pull up. You can go ahead and just go to this top. There's really just a game that is going to show up for recent decades. So, we'll be back for the south from the fall. There's really just a problem when I'm going out. I would really need to be kind of starting because I'm going to start building this up. So, we're just going to go on and on and on. We're just going to go on and on and on. Music Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Music Yeah. Music ♪ I was born with a son ♪ ♪ With a prince in his hand ♪ ♪ With a prince in his hand ♪ ♪ I was born with a son ♪ So, I'm going to start with the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set of the first set I'm going to say three times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times, four times,INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Because we're watching the most same time, our spread of things must be vast, as long as we're in the same problem. I hope you've heard, say you did it in the same show. In the same show of all things, in that this is very skillful of that, or if it were a lot of time, I'd ask for all of the time. Inaudible PauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds One, two, three. Music Background Sounds Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So that's all I'm going to talk about. If you're going to do that, you may need it. It's just, if you happen to have that, you'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. You'll be able to do that. Now, what do you do now?Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC So here we are. Thank you very much. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Background Sounds Background SoundsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudible and now finding out what to do, and all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, all of the things I've seen, Background Sounds Inaudible >> Well, I'm not going to do anything if you're ready. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.inaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Yeah, I've got the shoe on, I've got the bag of it. You can see it. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down. You can see it down.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I don't think it's going to be a long day today, it's going to be a long day today, it's going to be a long day today.inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background noise I'm not going to question. You're not going to ask what the folks in front of you say, "Oh, I'm going to get a 15-year-old name." That's how she goes. Oh, it's very loud.inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark By the same day, when you tie and throw in your folds, go down to the front of the baby pole and hop to the front.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (inaudible) Inaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Thank you all for being here today, thank you all for being here today, thank you all for being here today.inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Thank you very much for your time. You're not going to walk on the easy plus. You can't move. You want to start. To the other, to the other. To the other, to the other. To the other, to the other. To the other, to the other. To the other, to the other. To the other, to the other. Music Music I believe you've been serving me this happy evening today. It's my soonest. Thank you all so much. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. Silence Silence I'm going to give you a quick look at the information. I'm going to give you a quick look at the information. I'm going to give you a quick look at the information. I'm going to give you a quick look at the information. I'm going to give you a quick look at the information. I'm going to give you a quick look at the information. I'm going to give you a quick look at the information. I'm going to give you a quick look at the information. I'm going to give you a quick look at the information. I'm going to give you a quick look at the information. I'm going to give you a quick look at the information. I'm going to see what I'm going to see. You want to see me tonight? I'm going to see you tonight. I'm going to see you tonight. I'm going to see you tonight. I'm going to see you tonight. I'm going to see you tonight. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to have to work on how to deal with it. I'm going to have to work on how to deal with it. I'm going to have to work on how to deal with it. I'm going to have to work on how to deal with it. I'm going to have to work on how to deal with it. I'm going to have to work on how to deal with it. I'm going to have to work on how to deal with it. I'm going to have to work on how to deal with it. I'm going to have to work on how to deal with it. I'm going to have to work on how to deal with it. I'm going to have to work on how to deal with it. You can see that at some point, you can see that at some point. You can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you can see that at some point, you You can see that at some point, you can see that at some point. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to leave you early here. All right. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, this is the first time I've ever done this, this is the first time I've done this I'm going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going I'm using it to see if it's going to stick to the other side, and I'm going to use both sides. I'm going to take the other side. There. I'm going to put my hands in here. There. Is anyone in there? I don't know. I don't know, I don't know. You know, there's plenty of people on the other side. Well, I'm going to call Dr. Dr. Richard now, and I'm going to call Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr Dr. InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds (indistinct) Listen, listen, listen. Probably you don't. Do you know what sound it's about? No, well, listen. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible for the physicals, and for the year of the province, for the past year, for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, and for the lost years, Music Background Sounds I don't know this one, you take it down to the toes, not even to the top of the corner, and then on the side, you have a little bit of a distance.inaudible Inaudible Remark Now, child of the world is standing and don't see the gates at the side of the Earth. So, the Earth is standing and seems like the Earth is standing. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark And there's a number of pretty good words. Oh no, the source is tap up. I heard it's going to be very valid if you're going to be tapped for it. Not because some of it's going to be, and then the star is going to pass through again. So, I'm going to put a smile on the test. It's Sean, I'm not sure what he has to say. So, you know, all of them are trying to get us. So, we try to do a little bit of the same with all of these. I'm going to do this for you guys. I'm going to put a smile on the test. I'm going to do a little bit of the same. Yes, I know this guy. It's always so fun. Yes. We're going to be back. We've got something up. Probably in the life, though, he's going to be back. He's going to be going to be going for that. Are you going to be going for that? Are you going to be going for that? Yeah. I know he's going to be on the other side. I know he's going to be on the other side.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Musicinaudible Thank you very much. Inaudible >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. for the senior guard up. He's been having a large sports guard who has learned far more and built the same day for the new senior tactical team that he has. So, I would like to give all of our time to show all of the senior defense. I think it is part of the technical leaders' colleagues' pro-furniture checks and relying on the students' performance on top of that, and the junior professional teams. Inaudible Remarkinaudible He didn't even worry about it, so I lost more of the gold. Since you are the gold, the next silver lot is probably the last one. So the gold is the rest of the silver. No gold, my children. My children. If I can get out of my room, I'll be here. I'll be here, I'll be here, I'll be here. Fine. Background Sounds You know that? That's our location. You know what you're going to do. You know what you're going to do. You know what you're going to do. You know what you're going to do. You know what you're going to do. You know what you're going to do. You know what you're going to do. You know what you're going to do. You know what you're going to do. You know what you're going to do. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds I think that we made a whole new love last time, and we were just not quite as often as people were still. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Silence Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible All of our leadership must pay attention to our share. Every day, every day, every year, to be able to show our leadership, to be able to say six, to be ready for it. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) This time, they're watching that movie, so I'm going to try and record it for fun. So many men, I've got a few people at this time, so I'm going to record it for fun. You're welcome, all men, thank you. So the top, so black or white. Um, but, here's the number one, so many people are asking me. Just like here's the number one, the top. You know a lot of the book, but it's almost never been published. Now we're just consistent with the text, so it's a path that will protect you and the book that you do in these books, and if you know something, you can go to the club and sell them. You don't want people out there. Yes. If you should go to the club and respond to everything you want to have. It's it. You can go from all the pieces of the card that I've filled to it. Say it in the long term.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to be on the official phone now. Hi, I'm Steve, and my name is Ayrs Barber. I'm a six-footer. I think she pulls me 12. I'm a good boy. I'm a good guy. I'm a six-footer. So you can get on the phone now. But again, yes, and why don't we go on the evening? But I'm not, and while you're assisting, while you're moving forward, you should do your conscious work. Oh, not so, but over a second, you should put some strength there that will be there for you to not. Background Sounds Background Sounds That's about it, what we're going to see in the stratum is getting over it, and you will know I'm following the time, you can tell it really well, you can see it from top to bottom. We're going to see if we can still go down and start getting over it. That's about it. Thank you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC Now so special, each member will have a number of votes. All of our votes are in the 10th row, number of votes are in the 10th row. I vote to bring one to the winner. Say no more. Hurry! We should look at the number of votes. Follow.inaudible I started in Cherry, but in the U.S. it was very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background noiseMusic You will see what happens when you see it, you will see what happens when you see it. That's why I'm told.inaudible Background noise Inaudible Remarkinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds What if you're a natural adult or just not and actually do that pretty good? So what about it? Back up. See? See? Inaudible Remark I'm sure. Well, you know, first of all, I don't think so. But I don't always know about health. So, you know, I have to defer one to the staff. I mean, where the rest of the students can't just pass the tables. Inaudible Remark Music Silence Silence Yeah, you're not going to do what you want. All right, here it is. All right. All right, here it is. Thanks, guys. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. So here we go again. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) The air. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music Silence PauseMusic I have a lot of attention, but when they come to the wrong place, I just don't know (inaudible) Inaudible So we see that on this. It's hard. No one told me. Inaudible Remark So, he's really in Utah for the rest of the year. That's very old, and he has lived. Hello, my friends, I'm from Florida and I'm from Phoenix. Very good, I'm from South Carolina. I would do that for some of my friends inside of the Oklahoma School, and I should be the very reason. So, he's very reason. He's got a really good company, and this is why I'm going to go all over the island. I think I'm going to go to the PC and I'll be there. I think I'm trying to go to the PC. You see it? I think you're going to go to the PC. I think I'm going to go to the PC. I think I'm going to go to the PC. Oh sorry about it this week.inaudibleinaudible If you use contact, it has to be so far.inaudible I can go back and see if it changes.inaudible So you can go to the email, if it does.inaudible I'll look at it. Here again, you know, the sun is going to be... ...and then you get to get far. That all of a sudden, you move to the finish line. So maybe the other way is so that they have a lot of options. Do you want to be able to see me? That's all I need to say. Inaudible Background Sounds Background noise Background noiseINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Background noise (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (indistinct chatter)MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark You are just going to have a lot of people ready to talk to you about the other phone on the side of the dollar now. You will try to say it. Then, I'm going to get to that. For a minute you're ready. I'm going to start with the emergency inside of that. I don't know what we need to do, if you need it, let it go, if it's up, walk away, nobody can find it. Right, only that is right, if you don't know what you got to do. You got to do it, if you follow the truth, come and go. Ready to run, run, run, run. Ladies and gentlemen, if you've found it, try and find it. But please believe in what it is that you've got it, it's my time to do it.inaudible Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds So, I'm going to see if you can please do some more questions here. I'll start. It's done. You're ready for your time. You're ready for your time. So, I'm going to come back. Eight. You can just do it. So, I'm going to come back. We're going to see this. We're going to come back.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE If you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, if if you're talking about the climate change, if you're talking about the climate change, Thank you for being with me, it's only a tour of it. It's just fine. How many cards will it all be at the stage? Yeah, it's just fine. We have to be able to do that. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Finally being distracted by a company research. You're doing this.INAUDIBLE You're doing fantastic. Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds That's all. Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. We said, "How were the next problems for the first time in the whole of New York?" That is really fair. If I would have talked about it before, I would have been able to use it. I think it's very private stuff. It's going to pull the audience through the service of New York and New York. It's very friendly. Background Sounds One last thing to say, "Pandison, I'm sorry. "The pair of people are taken. "They will be more here to be able to come up with a gun. "Who will be in the house, who will be taken by me? "The order of choice, bring him back to me and deliver my life. "They are, and who will be in the house? "Yes.inaudible But change is a change. There's a lot of things going to get. I'm going to change. You I'm going to change. Inaudible Inaudible Remark So, I'm going to show up this day. Stay in the middle. Oh, oh, oh, 35. That's you, right? Very tough. Very, very tough. You can't show enough of it. You're going to use it to your energy, you know?END PLAYBACK Thank you for that. Thank you. Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible So, we're about to be going down there and we're just going to go down there and we'll see you there. So, ten times, we're not going to go down there. If it's a city, we're not going to go down there and we're not going to go down there. So, we're going to go down there and we're going to go down there and we're going to go down there.MUSIC Music We're going to show a little panel of 12/10 as well. I'm a little bothered to get a minute off in here.Music So, the niga, the niga, the niga, the niga, the niga. Music (inaudible) I don't know yet, I have to see that. Anytime someone left me with it, there's a... It's about last. We had a very serious problem. Someone dropped me and it is, and it's pretty well hidden in the dark. What am I connected to? Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Silence Silence >> As a state of conflict, we need to arm opponent where you need to change their hand in the middle of the more functional path of the future. Then, you are given the whole world of life. Global Russian forces are moving. Service service is on the rise of the force. Change the children of all faiths and faiths. The next is a human brain. It's easy. and some ways to say anything to the full war and the end of the day, the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late back of the new year and the late Inaudible Remark Background Sounds and we will be there to welcome you to the Green Bridge. So we will be watching the Green Bridge for a very long time. Music Background Sounds And then give part, give part, set the moment, set the light. Pull me to set the light so you don't have to bring this here. But it has to be in front of the center. We need to pull the blades not just the same way, and it is in one place the three games are going to be. The problem with the game is that we are going to be in the condition that we are going to be in the war and its perpetrators are going to be in the war.Music Oh, brilliant. Background Sounds >> We're going to go to the first fan final. >> On the issue of things that we could kill, I will be soon. Inaudible RemarkMUSIC MusicMusic That's Music Music Music It's wonderful. I was in my judgment until the fire was dead in one day. You're going to the surgeon indeed for the fire was dead? There it is. There it is. There it is. Break off the pearl. This is yet another little torch. Now we have to use a saw for each fire. I can not let it. This is the image of human. The one with the chair of blue light. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) My reports are from the brochure, but on tier, physical and routine three, we have a separate table to list, we don't try, but not a huge deal, and I don't have the note of it. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark and the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the level of the and how do you want me to do that, but absolutely yours. We're going to yell for the first time. What is it? It's some great. I'm going to have to go to the next level. I'm going to have to go to the next level. I'm going to have to go to the next level. I'm going to have to go to the next level. I'm going to have to go to the next level. I'm going to have to go to the next level. I'm going to have to go to the next level. If you don't want to be a tabernet, this has to be some sort of process. Well, there's no cars, you don't have to run a child. No, I'm not. No, it's a dirty. Inaudible Remark I'm going to say it's awkward. He goes to the plate, he has real meat, the work with bread, the popular set of the law. Yeah, sure, thank you, you know. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job.inaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds InaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE For a reason we lost this time, some of these ancestors didn't stop thinking, and they did thought they'd become the media after us. So we're just glad we had a lot of fun. That territory is stretching from the blocker up to the main entrance. Small towns are rolling back up to the vast ruins. Inaudible Remark I will never notice that I will not be able to express it. It will be difficult not to express it. So... I will be able to express it. I will express it.MUSICinaudible And at the end, all the meridians served themselves to serve alone and dying of the dead to be discrepanied.BELL RINGSBELL RINGS >> So I haste, the thing with the law of the country that Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark and I told you that we should evolve and we should think about what we assume we have to feel and what we are going to do. We should think. We should think about what we assume and what we are going to do. We should think about what we assume and what we are going to do. We should think about what we assume and what we are going to do. We should think about what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we assume and what we on the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural and the natural or a student with a certain beauty in common power. So, if you're a man, a faculty, you get a moment similar to me. I'm not that good. I'm not sure that would be good. I was informed to the floor of the master's degree. I think you're not kind.MUSIC Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I don't know if you're going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, but you're not going to run off, You may have a trench that will build south, and will mostly be before the day. Why is that? So my mind is probably not here. Yeah, it's not me and you're here. Background noise (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So I'm going in for a little while. So I'm going in for a little while. So I'm going in for a little while. So I'm going in for a little while. So I'm going in for a little while. So I'm going in for a little while. So I'm going in for a little while. So I'm going in for a little while. So I'm going in for a little while. So I'm going in for a little while. So I'm going in for a little while. So I'm going in for a little while. I'm going to say what, yeah, this is something, first religion, this is something, you need to know this. Let's go. I don't think I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. But for now, we will put a bus station from Paralyze and one of the future excels in the Paralyze Scull, the Stovey, and soon we will have to have something to pay for it, no matter how biginaudible Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Music This happens when you need to get outside the fence. When you take a seat, you're back on, and you should go out. That's what you want to do behind, and what you need to do is follow the others. Background Sounds Background Sounds Thanks for following us. Inaudible Remark Background SoundsINAUDIBLE The service had a lot of fancy appearance, so we didn't give it to Jeff, but perhaps there was a lot of it, so it carried the passion of fighting. The English version, the English version, the English version, I'm going to say, Background Sounds Background Sounds Music We are not going to tell you here that there is no signal from the other two channels.inaudible to be in one of the grand jambas, so that might have been small, though, though. Now, I've ordered a couple of kawaltar, which we ran some to be in the river. In the other side of the river is that we may have to be in the opposite. I've ordered for this to be the one to be myself, or the pieces that come up, which we hope likes to be in the future. All of these are very, very important. to model that. So I think it's made something similar to this bit. What I see do is go along the edge and say people smaller distances by doing that and I said this to be smart. I'm not completely to the smart spots, all ready to be seen in one shot. So it's a bit important, but as you've seen in the book, you can see it from me about five and six tennis critics. This is a very good way to do that. and using a lot of time to be someone who understands your ability to get out of it. Thank you very much. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very muchinaudibleinaudible (singing in foreign language) I didn't tell you about the people around me. This was a fact that you didn't tell me all these, and elsewhere, more of these things are going to take place. Because we saw them in a cave, far from the normal points that you should have to draw. Silence >> Everything you are doing is a big part of me. It's just essentially showing you how beautiful they are. Silence Background Sounds This is part of the common information, they are around 1008 years old, and they are the biggest Russian of the antifix common thing single-speed. We are estimating closely enough to make it around 18,000 individual reunions. We don't have a full audience there, which I'm just talking about. We need to go through the individuals. We need to go through the community. We need to go through the community. >> We have you all of those failures, those failures, that we both pay not. We'll see a lot of time tuning in to our points. For instance, this is in Tibet, and there is a story that is spoken in purpose in the Sages. We have also seen a lot of Maxi, and we are doing some other works. One of these are the humans, maybe the Sages, the Mongols, because they are the same. Inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We're going to get a meeting each other. and make your being like sure, and so, so, I'm approaching your time in the past. Hope you're doing the right thing.MUSIC Okay, this is actually the only kitchen knife. It's also over there, yes, I'm sorry. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So the game is about to be so. You know, then multiple weeks, playing with that night. You know, the whole relationship is in no one's face. This person who you need wasn't enough. The omnipotent environment like this. What is really interesting is that for the times of long, we must see in this form something like 14-inch hotlines. There is a determination to do for the hotline so we admit that I don't think it was the best way I understand it. It's actually pretty weird and composing, isn't it? Yeah. They invite the human and the flesh of the person they knew, they want to get from that of virtue something that they admire, they spread from their big shirts, their blind faith, and yet, while the time was between all, I'm still listening to people So, we assume there are all of them, we assume that we have to ask you to try and do something that can be good in the moment to our generation in some kind of legacy. I'll tell you the same thing, this has been sent to me, you've been writing for, you've been finding some of the data in the airport, Inaudible Remark So these both pretty much the stuff. Shabby down forward. Or walking through around the swamp. Now it is, baby. We're gonna have about nine days out of the pile. I'll give you two balls. and one of the other things that we are talking about is that we have a lot of work to do and one of the other things that we are talking about is that we have a lot of work to do and one of the other things that we are talking about is that we have a lot of work to do and one of the other things that we are talking about is It's not the spiritual evolution, and it may be the first spiritual religion. Why that being was one of these saddle moments because it was... Inaudible Remark So, I'm going to do a last essay that brings you down to the water details of the book.MUSIC We care for sensitive areas. and I am very grateful for all of your support and support from me and from all over the world. Thank you very much. You were the first lot of people, disturbing, totally unpatients in the courtyard. Thank you very much. Silence Silence So that was possible to learn many things, and secondly, because selecting a notice was a face with animal parts. Inaudible Remark These are basically the whole animations that come up at guns in some way, in some way. and the importance of the work that's happening. One guest is a probably regular, certain wrong-sheet. So, since you've seen a very young, certain barrier, I've probably got all that in this. and it's a good luck for the situation and the quality of the file, it's some props you really have to be a seller. The side of the story, I think, is a wonderful story. I think there's an updates, I think. Now, in order to see no decisions brought forward by any means, looks, I think in a way that's a lot of people, they are all of me, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, That's what I'm saying, I'm not saying that. That's what I'm saying, I'm not saying that. That's what I'm saying, I'm not saying that. That's what I'm saying, I'm not saying that. That's what I'm saying, I'm not saying that. You're glad to return to home here, but you left this page and share that off again.MusicMusic Music Background Sounds Background Sounds I don't know if you're going to be able to say it, and then you're just going to be able to say it. You're going to be able to say it, and then you're just going to be able to say it. You're going to be able to say it, and then you're just going to be able to say it. You're going to be able to say it, and then you're just going to be able to say it. You're going to be able to say it, and then you're just going to be able to say it. You're going to be able to say it, and then you're just going to be able to say it. You're going to be able to say it, and then you're just going to be able to say it. You're going to be able to say it, and then you're just going to be able to say it. You're going to be able to say it. So the big came to us and thought, when he said he did, that he discovered the dirt, snow, and the fog, and the snow, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, and the fog, And it has been very dear to the end of the song. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. I'll just give it a little bit of brown. and talk on the head. One day, they still see all the subsilience. I don't even find these things that I've never been. Wow, that brings up to life. We have already been doing a long part of the last few hours of delivery so we can try to see how it's doing. We've been doing sports all around the world. We've been doing sports all around the world.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So, we are going to start with the first step, the first step, the first step, the first I'm glad you're in this lot. We can love against the ones. Perfect. (upbeat music) So, the generation is going to be able to do it, so it's going to be very, very, very good, and it's going to be very, very, very good, and it's going to be very, very, very good. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So the first sentence is like the easy mark, and then it gets along the edge, and then it gets along the edge. I think it's important that you have a very unique statement in your hands. It's a lot of business-aising. It's a small contribution. It's a big contribution to a big start of this issue, also. I'm very, very warm, very, very, very, very warm, very, very warm, very, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, very warm, is a wonderful thing for you. So everyone is very soon, we will see it. There are ones that are leading around. We have all of these straight traps. Everything that one is leading around. So remember to give your ears to the bottom of the mission. I appreciate it. Thank you. So this procedure is in our credentials where I will follow the procedure and we will run the bus. There's an automobile in the last 12 years that we've counted up in our cell, and here it must be that actually you also need to see the walls. You only have to check see the walls. There's no wall. It's just something on it's. You can see the wall. You can see that you have an eye on the other eye, and if you can take the eye on the floor, you know it's just about an example, and if you can keep those shots, you have an eye on the floor probably. By reconstructing the block piling plants we have a phosphate. We want to get a new one that we can see the world we're going in. We want to get a new one that we can see the world we're going in. We're not going to let this one go, we're not going to let it go. We're not going to let this one go, we're not going to let this one go, we're not going to let this one go. We're not going to let this one go, we're not going to let this one go, we're not going to let this one go. We're not going to let this one go, we're not going to let this one go, we're not going to let this one go. Background Sounds I'm going to start getting off and sealed and run as well as time in.inaudibleinaudible Yes, try to show. people how to do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do I do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you for this show, and I'll be back with another episode of the show, and I'll see you in the next one.MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So, Lord be yourselves, Lord be yourselves, Lord be yourselves, Lord be yourselves, Lord be yourselves. We are going to correct so, we are going to make it a voice, we are going to make it a voice, we are going to make it a voice. So, Lord be yourselves, Lord be yourselves, Lord be yourselves, Lord be yourselves, Lord be yourselves. By the source of grids, there will be a lot of tissue in this, and there will be lots of room in there. We fill it up with a guy who has a single head. I want to make a little humor line, something worth it's humor line. You are not to appreciate it. Music of evidence, please, and you may know how spray space, the surgeon can see me with pages, and that those particles, they raise, and they see me with their heart as human particles, they see me with their heart as human particles, they see me with their heart as and we will see where else is the white one and the white one is the white one is the white one is the white one is the white one is the white one is the white one is the white one is the white one is the white one is the white one is the white one is the white one to be in all the smoke, there are a lot of these things. Only the both of the standards are capable. Acceleration, creativity, and events. Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark I will bless you. This is our dream world. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.MUSICMusic We have these nice, very calm leaves. It is shaped by water. It's tripping and it's forming these very nice stalemites, stalemites, stalemites. All of us. What's really interesting, we see that there's really a kind of pattern, still a form of the surface. of something in the field and actually in the field. It's a triple of three. The fourth three in the area in Cestris are state-owned. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Pause Pause Pause and soon we'll soon should go to the media very next, sir. May 5th, all right? If you wanna know what you do, I've got a chance to buy a sir and we'll be on our phone and we'll be out tonight. (laughing) Ready? We have some things that I'm always about to be ready to do and to be challenging, and to stay to your roots, and make it work-side-up.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music And it's a very small piece of work, the work of youth. So roughly they're coming in date with torture. We're going to work in the middle of the date with our friends. It's here to meet us. So we need to come in and be ready to go out. We need to know how to be ready to go out. I'm glad you're here. The first time you will see these instructions. Thank you. Inaudible Remark I'm a teacher of 3D in Dragon. So I was on the floor, you know, on the floor. You got to prove me you're welcome. I'm a kid. In that club before, if you're seen, you know, you'll be what?MUSIC Music >> Very much now, you see the sections and the section you know is we are so thrilled. Music Background Sounds Music Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible This is a crucial opportunity for you to focus on your own.MUSIC Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music >> Speaking in foreign language Music Inaudible Remark Silence Inaudible Remark >> This year we found a TV, also a computer, And I think that we, in itself, might have a little bit of vision, that we think we'd like someone's. We're all excited about being with you for our hands. For us, we can't just do this more like we're doing this. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark And one tip your foot. All right, we've got them back. That same spot. I'm not the only one who should be that way to go. Maybe down in the park. See the south of our home. Isn't it a feminism? Or is this feminism something? I just said, "Why?" and I'm thinking, "What's going to be behind that?" I'm going to stand on the edge, because I don't know if there was a stone behind this wall. That's a huge, simple, hard-fired set of things that I'm going to be doing today, and I'm going to be doing something for the 11th section. I'll give it to you, say it again, but don't be out of it. Music So, I think some of you just very likely to be back for that whole reason, and since one starts now, so I'm sort of seeing some in-goes or everything's tight. It looks normal. I've lost my gene, so I've found that gene is not any of the same person as me. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I've lost my gene, so I've lost my gene, so I've lost my gene, so I've lost my gene. Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible The biggest mystery remains. One gift for the humanity that's right to the past years is a gift. So it's a gift. Music (laughing) - Next, best guess, sir, for the last two, you are on the show, so you can head to it and see about the final show of the event. Well, you said you got it, you get it. Inaudible Remark All of these heads of shit are going to be out of place. So very dear, I don't need to fall behind all the presents now. I should go there all the time. We're going back to at least 100,000 years ago. Music Inaudible Remark change. But the last one, I would think it was the worst fun incident. It is a very nice thing to read this verse out. For honestly, Singapore is going to be more than sectoral. It really won't break our world. It's generally the biggest issue possible. The first thing we want to do is change this. When the mission has been very important, the world has been better than us, the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and the and the United States and the United States and the United States and the United States and So, we are going to see the first show of the show. They want to make an example of which he should be able to see the world behind it and how the bets be installed. We should just go to the North Circle and all the mountains, all the way through the planet. We should go to the center of the mountains. Inaudible Remark have still a lot of things to consider. It's where we want to develop it. But then we get this thing about which some still not come to a thing. When you start to pop my son this. Thank you for all that you've been waiting on the show on the day, keep watching. So, we need that set of good real things, and we need that set of good real things. and that they have decided on my list. But that said, we want to see this settle. The animals, the ones you will receive, they will go very much. You are happy. But one day you'll end the land. What's the team of the service crew and the discrepancies are all euclidious roads, and again, all of us only see them so long. What are the things that you want? People are so busy at the end soon. They don't know who's calling. We also did, but we also got to try and change that they could freeze the animals within the world and reinforce the one of the world of dreams disappeared. We also got to try and change that they could freeze the animals within the world.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Well, we've got to go to the last bit of the end and see how it can light up, we've got it here. Look at James Payne, he's so happy with the bottom of the chin and the chin. Music Background noise We are going to be in here a little bit, but that's the way the water tank did that soaks. Even with respect to the nipples where the end of the end of the marks, we're going to go back up and down. But here it's going to be very highly adapted. You're going to be doing very well on the climate. But when you're diving, you have to do it today, and yes, the story tells us that there are other ways to be learned, and those ways can something spread. We might think we're being readable in the time, which is to be what. By around 40,000 years, they haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. They haven't been taught enough to go into free thought. Inaudible Remark For this one hundred thousand years, words of all those opinions can spread to matter that into your hand in your hand. Incomps, the annals of events. Music Music >> Some of you think I'm very good at it. Music Silence But so soon, you will notice one of the most beautiful things in the history of Japan. So, let's go to Japan.MUSIC Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) very kind of man, what he might live in to him, what he might live to see him. I don't know if I can say that I've seen a battle, but I've seen a lot of things going to be seen. to be able to understand how people's self-involved and how to talk about their knowledge that experienced the world. A lot of their sense of self-involved and you can see some factors, some factors that help. But we can play in how we were on the dime, we can play in some of the little things now. I'm not going to go either way, sorry, but I'm not going to sleep, that's what we're going to do now. The only part here is the net area, so this is one of the four other parts. It can tell you where to do this, where to do this, and where to do this, and where to do this. They want me to be five, two, one, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, If that's been valid, that's between the real house, all of these two. So that means you know it. If that's an annual form, it's each of those born, they have been older than these two. Please come over to me about 14.13.silence There are ways that we can tell exactly how many years old song is out there. This is technical focus, which is what we're talking about. Our life is what we're talking about, and we're talking about it. We know that what we're talking about is what we're talking about. We're talking about what we're talking about, and we know that what we're talking about is what we're talking about. We're talking about what we're talking about, and we know that what we're talking about is what we're talking about. by both the antithemic and protected from the water, so that indicates very strong and serious resistance, I think, in relation to the antithemic and protected from the antithemic So this is the night of the paper. This is where we start the two fun times, and now for the first time we will continue. These are actually the softening ball, and this is where we start. I'll learn my new song, Jared Law. Meeting credits. Well, you know what I'm talking about? I don't know what I'm talking about. We haven't already met. Meeting? Meeting? (silence) Pause Pause It's just a bit of me, it's a guy like me, he probably told me about it, he's about to do it a bit, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a bit of me, but it's a I found a place to live by our world with enough time to walk a little bit by and get back to the home city, and I think that's the end of the year. So I think we've done a few years. So how's it going? We get to the home in the city.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I was curious, who did you know you were and what it was about, since then? That matter, whether it was going to live in it, or whether it was something or this thing that she was sharing through songs and stories with children or grandchildren. Inaudible Remark and kind of make it all possible to make sure that you're in the middle of the 5th half of the movie right now, and I need to have a feel.Music Some of the things that we should learn about the animals, it is teaching. So, as I said, it is known as a flat target. What does it mean to be formed? I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more.MUSIC >> I'm kind of getting snapshot after the very name of the village. But this is not the case, most of the to these sellers.MUSIC Well, that will be of the sense being human and she now has a sense of being. Music Music Music Music Music Music Silence provide the density of all the 3,000 units as of some way, there is a bit of a few questions and one of the most significant things in our Middle East and off the hydrological threat hitting deep in the mountains of Christophe. Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I did that and I did that. It won't work then we did it. All the arrangements served successfully, but so long, and why, ultimately, could it be anticipated? Aha. Silence Inaudible Inaudible Remark And I just wanted to do some of the art which is provided by the purpose of the continued work. very shallow, heavy, huge amount of water in the nature of our bodies, and from the very, very small to the very same, we are seeing this very, very, very, very, very small, and it depends on the legal types of the two people. the whole language of the type now available to you. So you can write on the answer that we'll get. The truth is not the answer, the truth is the truth. The truth is the truth. The truth is the truth. The truth is the truth. The truth is the truth. The truth is the truth. The truth is the truth. The truth is the whole language of the type now available to you. We see the unique of the modern times, the sky side, the view of the front of the island, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, the view of the sea, for last night in the video, I've been in the channel now, okay? Music That's right, anything. You know what I'm saying? Seconds anyway. You know what I'm saying? Very nice. We're going to the present. Top. We still have an annual. of the world, and even the earth is going to survive. It will live in the earth, but then it will not live in the earth. It's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to be the earth, it's not going to live in the earth, I see the reality of the United States Day. You may have to change the rules that are coming most between the four of them, and so my mind is totally changed. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So, I'm going to have to do this. Yeah, I don't know if I can do this, but I'll have to do that. That's a good thing to do. There are actually a lot of good things to do. I don't know what I have to tell you yet, but I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to tell you yet, I need you to ask me what I have to Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music >> He's happy to see the water before. Music >> He's in the sun. He's my world. I'm not really going to see for all of these. You're doing something, how long is that going to work for? Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusic Here was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he assumed that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he assumed that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised by the fact that he was a recipient of the individual being surprised Pause Inaudible Remark The soccer line, right beside the New York thing, what? You're on the minute post, where you can move to the bottom. The upper group, the Shenandoah, reached set. This is how we have the vaccine of being in the upper version of the APE. So this is how we need to see what we're going to do. Now, we're going to hold a couple. We're going to have a three-rounding sound to begin with. We're going to have a three-rounding sound to begin with. We're going to have a three-rounding sound to begin with. We're going to have a three-rounding sound to begin with. So, I'll set this length so that we can see what's going on there. I have a little bit of spank mask, but I'm still very good at it, but it's all so, it's And you see 11, 10 to me, I apply six minutes of reviews. This is a very early back then, using a lot of hands and stuff like one of the stands, what we're doing, and what we're holding.Music Music Inaudible Remark So, I can just see the world and what it's like to find this interesting food page not well, it's just a lot of food, it's a cross long. Hello? Okay. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark You're so clear that it didn't do, it did us both shut it off through the end, shut it off on me. I've been terrible at people wronged. This was a back of me being a man who saw life, and I was swept more in the sea. Inaudible Remark How sure they are. I can't be sure. I don't think I'm going to relax. They wouldn't be invisible. They're not a world before. This is the start of the common population, there are a number of people who came down to the New Year's Eve and they are the people who came to the New Year's Eve. We are welcoming you also not to meet around 18,000 annual meeting goals, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, we will have your full attention, Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds it's maybe such a long road, because it's probably a good thing and a long road, this is a good road, that's just another interesting thing, I would like to accept that I'm so excited about it. There are all the names. ♪ When someone's spitting off the remaining flesh ♪ ♪ of the bone, her name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, ♪ You're the wrong man in mockery, such as you are the wrong man ♪PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusic So, this is the thing that some of the things that we're going to do, we're going to work with them, we're going to work with them, we're going to work with them, we're going to work with them, we're going to work with them, we're going to work with them, we're going This first video means also to you now, the non-meantiful, independent parties, but I am just thinking that in your personal life, we have seen this for something like 14-in-count months. There is a revelation to do for the God that saw the end of the day, and also the end of the day. Because only the dawns, I don't think it will be this way when we smile. Such is the end of the day. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm not saying this is a sentence. You might have told me, "Find it from the beginning yet it's gone." But there's another story. So when you have thoughts, three people are there. Chosen, three conflicts, two people are there.MUSICMUSIC We have 12, 9, 10 and 12, probably two of our own important. We have 1, 12, 11, 13, 15, 15, and 1, 15, 12, 15, 17, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15 We have 12, 12, 11, 12, 11, 12, 11, 12, 11, 12, 11, 12, 11, 12, 11, 12, 11, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, and we'll be right so and so. This is soon the game for that. I'll be first to sign with the spiritual illusion and maybe the effect of the spiritual reality. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. But everyone was part of these several moments because it was a sort of convenient and it's all issues in the political world, and it was something to propose that we signed this path of radical things to get around the balance, extract it from the political world. in the soil, something like this, and it's powering every day between the eight times of power, between three days, you're able to entirely integrate into it. That's what goes for a second, and that's the feeling of service. So that's so, why do I confirm this, I see. Someone in the last 80's that raised the mountains and the water comes out of the pool and comes out of the pool. The public's community has such families. It's the daily value in our hearts. They belong to the people. They have no family. They've been stuck at no point in form, and here we have sensitive airing features. We can see that we can have a deep, deep, mind, self-gathering box from the other side of the I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Pause >> You are the first blood people. This is generally fully competitive in our biology. SilenceMUSIC So you saw the gears of Jarlwood and Bollywood mountains in the middle of the castle inside, and the gears sort of flourished into their parts. So you saw that as far as the body was concerned. I think it's because I think the United States was a basic animal part of the world. The regime of the United States was suggesting that the party brought power to the world. It's a lie, I said, since I had to be a single person. It's even stirred. If I just want to talk to you, you are suddenly, suddenly going to come along and leave me. These are basically the problems that I have. that bounce in some way, these bodies work exactly. One, yes, is a probably regular, thank you, wrong, she's, and since you see it, and fairly unpleasant barrel for all of our enemies. Bands, bits of that British station, and Tolo with the barrel, instantly helps us really catch at the big fence. The summer history of things is a lot. So I think there's an update now, you know, this is my first sword by any means. So I think there's an update now, you know, this is my first sword by any means. the idea of the universal heritage of a half-perceptible. I'm sure you're not getting fat bar in some works from what we said. The absolute image is blower better than the summer in 1906. Keep back your return following yet, but be now the next page and share that off again.Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds to be able to find the specific places you should ask to feel trusty, second time, when you're not excited about what you're doing. There are Christmas developments, first, at the end of the day. See if you saw any information, ask them, okay? We wanted to define the amount of our writings up and I'm very well in the name of the book. I think it's a pain in hearts and work as a lot of people have. So, if you can't just use your body when you're ready to take it, you can use your blood, skin, and your soul, and your body. It's all pain at the bottom of your listening. the living town with so few issues. We've got the new stuff, just to pop your hearts again, and here at the house, we've got our auntie and the other soul. We've got our visitors, we've got the Browns, we've got the most heavier, and the director of the lab, we've got the left arm. Inaudible Remark I think that's why I think it's a lot of conceptualized thing. Well, when we had a really good shoot, we didn't even have a moment to talk to us. It's fun to see not to hurt each other. So, I think it's an interesting thing. I think it's a lot of fun to see. I think it's a lot of fun to see. Thank you. We're going to talk more about it in that time, and we're going to come up with a good idea. We're going to see the world, you are going to come up with a good idea. We're going to talk about 20th century. Not using face, very upset. Music >> It's a generation. It's a very happy family. Music >> Still a family, happy, boss, boss.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible and take one of them off the list of the slides, but eventually be stopped in the first check, if you like to do it. Get the file set again. Go into the top two, then just go down to the back, and then you type, so you can get them off the other. Silence Inaudible Remark At the beginning of the schedule, we will talk about the fees and the full design of the administration and the design of the Dixon. So the first promise is that the fees are not, and then the answer that I want will be anything. The limitations of the system are very significant in your hands. If the system is not the same, if the system is not the same, then the system is not the same. If you want to be stuck in the position of the panel, it's going to be very, very, very long period. So you have to be glancing until it happens. You have to slow down and see if you can be sure that I step in the field. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark being said on a nation-wide scale. There are some of these preceded only to see that the number 12s are trying to model a closure of seedings, and the plus. the last 22 years that we've come to get you as that we haven't posted it, actually all so in some points. that is boldness and wrong to something that is nutritious and valuable. We can see that the natural environment of our life and that is, if we take you on for a generous health power example, the people who specialize in that kind of culture probably by reconstructing what kinds of plants it must be, and long again, on the other hand, mixing, there are a lot of elements. Background Sounds Thank you very much. I'm so excited to see you all back there for me in my life. That's what I do. You're not in the shadows of your life. That's what I do. I'm so excited to see you all back there for me in my life. That's what I do. You're not in the shadows of your life. That's what I do. You're not in the shadows of your life. That's what I do. You're not in the shadows of your life. That's what I do. You're not in the shadows of your life. That's what I do. We can still go on the dark at my centers. We need to go almost to the ceiling. Max to the ceiling. We'll put an answer now and then see. Ah. We'll work at once. We have more than two things. We'll work on the first thing we've done in the mission. Let's put it in the slums. We can still go on the dark. We'll see. Inaudible You are very bad at studying, we need to be very much more to learn from our babies, awesome people, big self-overfosses. You see, these poor guys, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a big family, they're not a Thank you for watching. for more than two years. Crossed in Crescent in the Land of Atmosis, there are many more of us, many of us, many of us. Most perverse, the narrow and immediate wishes (indistinct) This massive scene, I'm going to cover it. So, you know, these yourselves, you know, you need to be still on the shore. You don't have to show me that I'm making for police. We're trying to do this. But if you still have some weeks, there will be a lot of decision weeks, and there will be more so coming in to be ready. We've failed a lot, but we did not say we were going to be ready. I want to make a beautiful night of the world in Schumelheim, and we will appreciate it. Thank you very much, and that's all the sparkles that we're going to draw as you look at us, as you're actively And that's what she did by now, and it is. This is where I'm going to show you what I'm going to show you, and that's what she did by now, and it is. This is not these other apps, the phones are not a snap, they are not on the screen. This is not these other apps, they are not on the screen, they are not on the screen.MUSIC Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark and you're helping a lot. You can see on the right side of the bank very hot. Music Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds very long history. When we were in Sweden, we had these knives, very common rigs. This shape of our ruler tripping in and forming these very nice balls. All rights, both rights. What's really interesting, we see it with really a kind of pattern. See it off on the surface.Music This is not something you can see on action, but it's integral to you.MUSIC that poor fee, and you may be obsessed with a change of order, they've been saving up their money, they've caused that a need for them. I want to say a couple of more things. I'll see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music They take their words and they get very excited to be glad. 24, yes, it's incredible that they don't know what they're going to do. They're sitting in the last and the next and the future. Thank you. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark We find on reality a very small principle of what we're doing. The problem is that they're coming in with a big distortion.Music very much higher, you're laughing, so you're first by you with your feet and your stitches. So, you know, I'm positive that you're thinking, and these are four pillars in the page of these junctions. So, I'm going to study some of the books that I'm going to talk about in a few minutes. before she can respond to a phone call and say, "I need something exactly the same type of fix." And it seems like she really didn't even know what to do. So, it wasn't there at the end of the world. It wouldn't have been there, it wouldn't have been there. It wouldn't have been there. of my shoulder being seen, you won't be able to do it. Very much so, you see the stitches in the beginning of your hand, and they are so both.Music Music Inaudible Remark Silence Music Music MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We also know that we deal very well with our culture. Music Inaudible Remark Silence This year we found a few authoritative bits of what we think can be for themselves. We might have found a bit of a bit useful, but if you'd like to show the likes, they're all Now, all the time, we need to take black hands. Inaudible Remark We're enjoying in the public of New York's halls, right from there, that one ticket for all the way back to that friendly spot, among relating to the place where the bounding park seems to start off and even just to put it in place. I was going to say that since that's the end line, we'll put it in the bottom. The one side of the edge is ready. those who studied behind this stuff. What's easy to see in 12-hour class, and so I'll give you the simple analysis to make sure you have things and you can put them in session. Music All of these are in sync with what we have left out of people using the first slot. You can see that we've got slots in the top of the glass. They're looking so pretty. I think it's been quite a long time now, so I think that some of you just were able to do that. So that's all I'm using, and since I'm salty enough, I've started seeing something really hard to think of. Music It looks normal, as last year I came to the first exam. That, surely not any, was the first thing that I did. Music Without facing a piece that I did.MusicMusicMusicMusic It was really important in science, in teaching, in art and art, in art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art and art The learnings and settings of the complexity of the end of our culture are available. The letters that are just in each expression in the end are all available. Preserved inside is what we want to call. There's an answer to this mystery where there is one day before the human nature of this life, we will do the task for you. There's a gift. for thousands of years. Let's just say for the last six months on the show, we're going to get into it in PC. The final show of the year.Music The blockade on pizza is a series of caves and all these caves share a very clear evidence on the annual Christmas market base where we will do the time. We have a list of that. to this hand in 25,000 years ago. It seems that the principle of the antitals and the German military has reached about 1,000 years ago.Music Well, the last 100,000 years, the world at the end, it was the hardest thing to change. You You You Inaudible Remark Time to finish this pasta, but those fairly important changes, when a person get very bold along the walls with a bad disaster and that's it, let's hear it all go up. When I'm going to see that video, it's a second, but I wouldn't have served the last What I want you to do is, you want to learn what you can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, what I can do, more powerful than all the loans and all the loans that we've planted, we've got 70% of the plants that we've planted, we've got 50% of the plants that we've used. There we can see them, and what's at the most effective, not more than 70% in the security hand that we've put. Did we have any research anywhere? Do we ask that we will walk in the water? Do we have any research anywhere? Do we ask that we will walk in the water? Do we ask that we will walk in the water? line when speaking index, and that's up on him this year, which has a lot of goods too, so I'm going to make it to it, which is what I'm going to be looking for. There we get, with figure of a new sponsor, Malcolm Dumpin, when it's up half and up on this.inaudibleinaudible So, we need that same intelligence and a big understanding of the mindless, in that sense we want to see this example. But we have those who are human, they were originally, they were very much like that, for one day we will end the end. We're speaking so that it's proven that these groups are all, we've been told that we have a lot of Brazilian citizens, so on. One hundred and twenty-one. People are sensitive to the answer. They know what we're supposed to do. But those are not dry. The change that they could please be handled in the world, not in the worst. One of the world, the trees, disappeared. In the trees and the wires, they're allowing you to handle the plants, you'll have a perfect environment. There's a lot of plants that are cold, you see, when you come back, the rest of the timeinaudible this animal who shares trust and share and take it further. So, it's happening up well. I don't know if the virus will be able to see the time to viral. I'm probably scared. What the change of pain is going to happen. Where there are a lot of things that you can do to make sure that you're safe and safe. We'll take this, we are, we're going to take a little bit of the other way to all of the types of episodes. Either with respect to the angles, where the end ends and all, which is where we're back up the day. But, you can be very high-level, you can be very high-level, you can be very high-level, And yes, the story tells us that there are always things that I mean, those things are something that is very vulnerable to the climate, but this is what we are. by a lot of 40 years, men are not those who are in free will, not just in the world, but across that entire world. I know the trick was the fact that you didn't like it, but so too many, there's an increasing point of duty, but I know the trick. Too many steps, all the steps, all the steps, all the steps, all the steps, all the steps, all the steps, all the steps, all the steps, all the steps, all the steps, all the And let us see how God was answered. For at least one hundred thousand years, which are all those that means, can spread to America, into world, and in. In cows, they have a special nature. In cows, they have a special nature. In cows, they have a special nature. In cows, they have a special nature. Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds >> So, super, wonderful piece. One, two, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four, three, four Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) What does it do to start on the Earth, suddenly go around very, very much, what you might believe in, what you might believe in. that I want to talk about, where we live and when we're seeing why we need to be seen. In addition to how people's self-involved and healthy about their lives and their experience below. While we are set to shine, then we can see some activities and such activities that are there. and help, but we didn't know how old we were from the time, we didn't know, but we were not female, we didn't know if we were to either have their life, so I'm not a bonus because she's not really a black person, I'll see you then, the one that we're here is Wimmer to be in, so if this is one of the things that we're going to do, we're going to have to for our months. You can tell them that the electricity rate is small and it will show that some of our jobs are not going to be able to afford to be able to afford to be able to afford to and it pulls into her sphere if the hatching of the industry, especially the faxic here, all the extreme problems that the novel does between the new arts, all of these two. So I make you know, if I may have a follow-up, she says, "Beware, I have been older in Britain." Please follow this video down. Now I want you to tell us how to make sure that you're all fine with this routine. If you want to make sure that you're all fine with this routine, you can go to the other side 13 is produced while I was in the half of the different versions of this in turn by both of the end parts and the half of the white parts. So that only takes 30 seconds for this is half the end of the version.MUSIC Music >> Absolutely. We intend to be an adult as my own to be a censor, so to sum. So we're going to be an adult. Music This is a really exciting tip. It's all stands. We intend to be an adult. This is life and all. We can't be. MusicMUSIC Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC >> Still people do their knowledge, their experience, really putting them away for the time of city work.MUSIC >> Back then, I was probably really afraid. But I was something that was still happening. She was sharing food, songs and songs with children and grandchildren. It would have been possible if you passed those in a group. To any less, we should be able to involve several associations. They're not the only subsurface, they're the first ones to build or implement. She wanted to go with the language and kind of make it up, often I was not so nice, and in the chat, I was like, "What are you doing later?" "You have an underlying program too."MUSIC Background Sounds >> Some of the things she's found about the answers. I'll sit in the face using it. Background Sounds I'm going to start with my new contract on what the committee is being. It's not probably a professional or other. How do you use that? I will show you. and speaking about how to do it. How do you say snapshot? How do you name it Wix? Well, it's like this. It's a must for that. To these servers. Music Silence Music Music Music Music Music Silence I can't do it. Take your hands off and tell them to make the hand go faster. Like so, right? Almost to the baby. Wow. A lot. Be a little forward. One. Be sure to dance. Like this. We'll take the country back. Let's go. I'm sorry, don't give me one off. Don't, don't wanna. Oh, it's not what you wanna do with this cycle of game. What's up, Bambi? You got any left? Here. Hello. On the inside. You always go in there?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Right here. I don't know where I'm going. You think she's okay? I'll check. What are you doing? Hi, I've had some time to go. It's fine with you, aren't you? I'm just going to start. Where they can fall. What? I'm sorry. Inaudible Remark I don't know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, Moving, if you've lost your banner, then look. I don't know where the banner is, but I should get a test of these. Oh, hi. You need to do a... Yeah! No, isn't it enough? Silence >> I wish you could see the office.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Don't laugh, I'm gonna do, start on the cheating out of me. What do you want us to find someone who can hurt somebody else not cheating? You want me to level up, actually? Well, shit. You don't have to laugh. You don't want me to act out, you don't want me to try and hurt somebody. I'm gonna tell you about cheating. You don't have to look for me to be the point when you're cheating. and I'm going to be excruciating while sitting on the food we're here, so I'll ask you. I don't know myself, but I know she didn't know I was both, you know. She didn't know I was both, you know, she didn't know I was both, you know. She didn't know I was both, you know, she didn't know I was both, you know. She didn't know I was both, you know. She didn't know I was both, you know. She didn't know I was both, you know. She didn't know I was both, you know. She didn't know I was both, you know. She didn't know I was both, you know. She didn't know I was both, you know. She didn't know I was both, you know.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going No, it's not. He's everything he's seeking out of one. I'm sure he needs one, anyway. I may even call him right now, but I can see he's not been back for you all. Let's see that. Because I know you. I don't know if it's me saying this. No. Are you sure there's a scene like a show? No. Thank you very much.MUSIC Music Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't know. Big, I'm sorry, but I'm still super kind. It takes a long time for me to be excited. I've been a little bit sad about something. You know what? You don't know what I mean. You just expect that. I'll take it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence MusicINAUDIBLESighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I am a move which is getting. How's it going? Where if I will walk to? I'm going to get a lot more things. I know I like to have athletes long, long, open stuff that you can, and go straight into the tent. If you're under the investment, I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to blow up myself and it's possible to find a new idea. I'm going to start out on the blow-up thing. Oh, you have no idea, and then you start. I'm going to ask for this. Yeah. You must see what you're doing. It's a fashion question. Um, should... Did you even... See that? Nobody? Um, yeah, and what would you say? Austin? Yes, the little police. Two police, that's... The director... You know what I mean? You should be a shot. So, you're going to like this thing, and right? Part one, one and one. No, no, definitely. We should ask someone to be not going to do it.Music Music Music >> I think it's important that you love to see, slot and continue full of life. >> Yeah, I think it's a big, very fun.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I belong and you should be pretty fair since you belong to me.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll see you later. Good. Why don't you discuss the session now? She made me the way to celebrate these two thoughts. Flash, earball. She does have her body. I call her making out this one you must say. She continues. Well, feel your heart. She swung her toe where there's been nothing there in the video. No, and this is what I wish for. She named it "Stanamits". So, no, I'll give that shot off. No, no, no, no, I'll give it off. No, this is just a good shit, and... Your shot? I'm afraid you'll find it. I already threw it in the air, but... I told it was a movie in English, so I almost took it in my shoe. So that's all that's going to start with you, my friend. Lovely, thank you for that image. Are you familiar with Karray Magnesium? Karray Magnesium? I think it was like a law. It wasn't like that there was a law. It was good people, maybe. Are there any interesting Indian thoughts on the battle between the sexes? And as a dog can see, it works. It will go up. Inaudible Remark And what would be multiple in that conversation of such a fish? And then perhaps the end of low-shot moment was a such a bad fish. It's a bit odd. It's a bit of a huddy. But what if I still want to know how hard it is? How hard it is? What? How do you know the fish? What? How do you know the fish? I'm disgusted with my life and myself, but I'm not unhappy about that. How are you? Thanks. Okay, as your friend and agent, I have some of these subjects that you may be trying to start off with. I'm not a good girl. I wouldn't be normal to say to a girl at this point that she needs to be about to sense it, and it's like I'm seeing it. The dinner with one bite is about two or five. - Some, okay. - There's, there's, I heard about him. - Most of us are on set. Most of us are on set. He's still right. - I'm pretty, right, I do. No, SCI for your boss, the writer, right, that thing you made, not so much, you've done, not, well I didn't get anything on my back. Well, that depends on whether or not you really did better. Everything, that's the most reasonable thing I can remember. So when I can tell the whole guy, it's a small, type, for subsequent experience.Music So So So So So So So So So So - Sure did. Talking about that. I think that's what I think, may I say, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm So, I, uh, I think, I see, uh, yeah, a serious blow up on the, well, the fire, if you're alright next one. If you got a little latency and you need to be slow to change, you're just getting that moisture just constantly. You'll know I was already fine, so, you're out of your mind, so you decided to use the waiting time, so you know, you have to think maybe there's a little bit of time. a little fine. Say you want to work. You can move any circle, party plan, with the students who still have a portal out of box. Do you want to see what you really want to do? Sit at home, on a cab, see some horse set up, watching out. You can see the video up in boxes. You can get that. Okay. Now you can get that book right now, book by a video and do a cab. But what you really think is life has been out of here in the spare 15 minutes, I'm still waiting for them to find out what character there's not on. So I have to go and I swear to God that show it's it's you drink drink you know that deal. You don't do the service. I hope she luck. I hope it's not on love.INAUDIBLE Won't talk. Yeah.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE She goes, "No sign, we don't know how to do it, bro." She sits, and we go back in a couple of minutes. Well, she didn't catch, she didn't want to talk. I'll be back in two minutes. We'll follow her. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. She's not up there. Thank you. Music Music Inaudible Remark Hey.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So you know, you know what I want to do, specifically for your life? Yes, yes. You know what I want to do for your life? Which I will not be the final of my fall. One minute. Okay, first of all, what about you? I got a really silly game. You call me? Yeah, you've got what was in trouble. I thought you should know. You know, all of the things that I've known you. I don't know what she's been like. I don't know if you're so well. Maybe you might have, like, sent down on my page. Yeah, I'm just sick. It's what I've had to do. I've had to be careful. I'm really happy. I'm not the only one who's capable of this. You think I'm not that capable of having that job? It's just so self-short that we're all about the best and the best. I'm going to go to the beach. You can stand in the socket any minute. On the road.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Remark I'm just gonna say I'm gonna be a fucker. There was a very small amount of ice. Let's get in there. Yeah. Yeah. Let's get in there right now. (crying) This is really a lot of people thought and this is something. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You know, you're not sure yet. on the book, the other person was on the back right. (indistinct) She ate us. She's fine. Hey, that was really cool. She said, "Nate, it's nice to meet you." And the other day, I'm reminded of this. One of the pain that was to me last. That's what you do all about the family. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. She's great. She's insane. She's insane. She's insane. No. I don't know if she's doing a good job. I don't know if she's doing a good job. I think it's just a joke, you know. I think it's just a joke, you know. But I think it's just a joke, you know. I think it's just a joke, you know. But I think it's just a joke, you know. But I think it's just a joke, you know. But I think it's just a joke, you know. But I think it's just a joke, you know. Music Music Music Silence Pause Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about Music Inaudible Remark Music >> Oh, I didn't have a touch on it. Music Music Musicinaudibleinaudible What should I do about it? I don't like it, but there are a lot of hearts. I think it should still be like that, and we want all of it to be a picture. Can you hear me? It's all good. I think it's a perfect window. It's all really nice. It's a good place. I still have it. I'll make you one more, but I need one sooner or later. One more, it's not my movie. No one thought, all up for one. Oh, very difficult. You can get prudence in that nap on the same. You're going to see your last one. Can you just let it out and have a vote? We want to see the candidates roll out the seat of the blood on Valdeen and Valdeen and Valdeen. We have to be careful. I'm going to check me. I'm going to check you. I'm going to check you. I'm going to check you. I'm going to check you. I'm going to check you. I'm going to check you. I'm going to check you. I'm going to check you. I'm going to check you. I'm going to check you. I'm going to check you. I'm going to check you. Inaudible Remark InaudibleMUSIC >> Your assistant, Eddie Thor,INAUDIBLE >> That's it. >> Just to think about how many of us are. >> Well, that's good. >> I didn't respond to something. So, you back to, I was going back there, I know that, I didn't. >> Huh. I don't know how to get this phone to say deliver at the end of the day, but it's not. Change the bed, she's the most worst assistant. She drops a call with the manager. You're not fucking enough now. What? What? You guys are not a little right in front of her, but the two of you are still getting very close.inaudibleSounds of a man in the backgroundinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) and what is the shut down law to touch us back to be dispensed by the truth in things that we should know and not know what we like to do. We can just run and try to be really rich. We are talking really, once and for the rest of the world, I'm going to go over and find out in a way that we can take the jacks out and listen to them and ask for help. I appreciate being here with you all in my due, but I just thought I'd be fine with you today. Oh, what are you doing? I found out I was doing a real deal. Thanks for being here.inaudible Music MusicINAUDIBLE I've been sitting there for a while and I want to do something for what? Oh, I was in the most awkward, and I've been consumable to anywhere. I want to mix. Yeah, I'm interested in it. I'm interested in it. Please, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come Very long cut to your bone. I think I just lost my memory. I got a hundred percent.laughter I love it, I love it.silence Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music Background Sounds >> The other thing I can really do is I'm going to do one. Anything to all. If you've really got learned about travel, see this very little thing called bar one. I'm learning a lot of lessons from my friends. are better than nine of moments, too. I probably won't go down the district, but I won't go down the district, and really, while I'm down there, it might be nice to see it in the pubis. I'm not called a better community, 70, playboy, kosher, anything. There's something that reminds me that I'm performing by one of this fundamental delt. But I guess the questions? Why would you consider that? You're so elegant, I'm so honest, being a rock a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, a rock, >> What is that switch mark? >> Nope. >> Nothing? >> Not a heart, so nothing. Nothing wrong with this. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Yeah, it should have been a bad side pleasure, a lot of pleasure is all for me, it's been a bad side pleasure, it's been a bad side pleasure, it's been a bad side pleasure, it's been aINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it. I'm not going to push it.Music Yes. That's what I'm talking about, I'm just talking about what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about, what I Inaudible Remark and they actually felt better because of the balancing in the generous phase field overhead, and we all got a lot of jobs at the beginning of the afternoon. We got to move in the grow on the bottom of the grid. So we talked about thinking that we're better than on the grid. Yeah, that's a bit of a notice of cable. Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) (chanting) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark by the kids. Very nice. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm gonna reset my brush. (speaking in foreign language) Oh, and I just want to be happy, and every little I can have a happy, thank you very much. I'm sure you can feel the amount of your asking. What are you talking about? Thanks for listening to my story, and listening to the same. Well, you're welcome. I'm Robin. Alexi, you're great with that. You're welcome to stay with me. Bye, Natalie. You're welcome to see me. It's time to go to the sheet again. and then we found that it's something that we're not set to build. This is good. Yeah, I'm still pretty good. I'm finishing my task. Inaudible Remark MusicMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE It's all good.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePause I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark What did you do? What? I heard a lot of people say, "Where is it going?" I thought, "The old time had it." Yeah, that's you. I thought, "Yeah, that's you." I thought, "Yeah, that's you."MUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I'm gonna shoot on the side of the camera.Music ♪ This church is a church ♪ ♪ And the world yet has voted for the Lord ♪ ♪ And we never should be ♪ ♪ In the hands of the Lord ♪ ♪ We know the sixth place ♪ ♪ For that every day ♪MUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and what I have to do, that's what Hollywood came up with, I'm not going to go up, it seems like half-bed check, I just run on my international days, and don't wanna be straight and so far, just, like, good boys, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good of the way, I'm not going to go up, I'm not going to go up, I'm not going to go up, my first little battle like that's the best one is the fact that I could proud of these of all the great little things all of them, so this is not probably some of them, or my website, or young graphic fuck ball, and you know, Greg's probably right, well that I don't think I have anything to say to you, so I'm just going to ask you a question. Oh, sorry, I thought you wanted to come out, but I thought you wanted to go with your ass. No, I didn't go with your ass, and I'm sorry, but it really did lead me to squint a little. Music MusicMUSIC >> Hey, the first time I just owned a guy, I just wanted to know. I'm not really sure what you're saying, but I didn't sure I would laugh at that. You're not dead. That's cold. It's a song to you. Once you're done. I didn't have to be a problem from where we have, I didn't have to be a problem from where we are. He doesn't do anything. He doesn't do anything. He doesn't do anything. He doesn't do anything. He doesn't do anything. He doesn't do anything. He doesn't do anything. He doesn't do anything. He doesn't do anything. He doesn't do anything.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And forget about the woman, you didn't want to marry. Don't let me get out the ginger ass all over again, Bill. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background noise Background noise So, I was a mess, I had no words. I had a few words, tons of my words. This one. I wouldn't have expected that from me. Which is how I was in the am. Well, the 9th and I was even trying to take the out some time. I'm not going to wait. I was not just going to wait. You see yourself there, ain't you saw? Oh, come on, that was no other matter of seconds. Whatever you want to talk to her. You're going to have to kill her, and that was a big question, and you know what I'm talking about? I mean, we did it a lot. We did it a lot. We did it a lot. We did it a lot. We did it a lot. We did it a lot. We did it a lot. We did it a lot. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more. I'm going to go on a little bit more.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I mean, that was a surprise and I'm kidding. Pretty good, but one first smile, and then the black out there, and then I'm going to give it a shot. I'm going to give it a shot. I'm going to give it a shot. I'm going to give it a shot. That's good. Music Music Background Sounds That's all, what I'm saying, all of all that's all. If you're gonna be good. What? You must get this intro. What? It's not. Yeah. Yeah, but it would be the kind of stuff that everybody loves and invited. Well. Hey, I said this isn't what you think. Why would you assume something?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to turn on the last one. What? It's not possible. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. It's going to be like the D9 or the D7, and you'll know what you eat, and then you'll have to eat. Right. What do you want from me? I'm not going to be so serious. I'm going to be so serious. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner. I'm going to be a bad partner.inaudibleMusicMusic You know, a beautiful park, a beautiful place for a wall, a star, a good spot, a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good spot for a good Slap. Do you have a birthday? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Sorry, I couldn't do that. Why not? Why is that? Can you give it? Slime, you're the stupid one. You're the stupid one. You're the stupid one. You're the stupid one. You're the honest one. See? When you want it, it's good for you. Is that fair? You're the stupid one. You're the stupid one. Slime, you're the stupid one. Slime, you're the stupid one. Slime, you're the stupid one.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (laughs) Keep the job, do your goodbyes, give us something to look up to. (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE We're going to be a little turtidity. You know, here we're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. We're all a little crap. I'm going to not get there, maybe out of the oldeners set, hang.inaudible If I sent you off, you'd be in a trance situation. When you start to produce works again and again, it's okay. You should have told the person where I'm going. Well, the first place I was bolstered, it wasn't a time. OK, we see you in the front. Get that here. I'll pop you in your five. You know, if you fire and you're probably out in the 90s, you start to work there to do that consistently. What a part. All right, so I'll do this, I'll be right back. You know, other agents in their right fire, we take a lot of this blood. Good, you want me to get you a job right? You can't even call a thousand of them. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. It's a problem. Just go, goodbye, alright? Yeah, go, fucking get up here. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Yeah, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go I don't even know if you're just such a bad person. Oh, yeah, I was just a bad guy. That's not me, that's not me. Is it me? You're a cheater. That's what the American is talking about. That's not me. I tend to think of myself as a war. I have to ask for a certain community lady. Hello. Welcome to the Blaine. He's having a lot of meetings. It's supposed to be a short meeting long, kind of. Certainly part of the world. It's lunch, and it's not that long. Well, I would have known the great volume. So, I would have known the great volume. So, I would have known the great volume. So, I would have known the great volume. So, I would have known the great volume. So, I would have known the great volume. So, I would have known the great volume. problem with the first syllable of the poem, so I got into it and it's pretty nice, and I'm blinded. But I think it's a long long poem.laughter You remember me? You remember me? You remember me? No. It's fine.laughter Maybe from America, I don't know if it's really about America, but it's not just America. Inaudible Remark That's it, come on, let's go down. Let's go down. Thank you very much. I'm not going to be done. I'm not going to be done. I'm not going to be done. I'm not going to be done. I'm not going to be done. I'm not going to be done. I'm not going to be done. I'm not going to be done. I'm not going to be done. I'm not going to be done. I'm not going to be done.MUSIC Yeah, this is the story.MUSIC (indistinct chatter) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Oh, no, I don't know if it's really nice, but it's a quality, you know? I think I'll forget the yesterday and I'm sorry about that. So, uh, it's your mom. It is yours, if you still want. I don't want it. Good? What? What about it? But from now on, if I needed to say it, it's just something else. You should be able to understand it, or I don't want to say it. Oh, my name is Aiko, you said you said you said you said you said you said you. Oh, my name is Aiko. Oh, my name is Aiko. Oh, my name is Aiko. Oh, my name is Aiko. Oh, my name is Aiko. Oh, my name is Aiko. Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Hey, hey, we're probably done. Hey.INAUDIBLE Hey, hey, we're probably done. Hey. So I'm going to finish the bottom. Is it not the lack of the act of the lack of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of the act of (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (sniffing) ♪ ♪ (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Oh, yeah, I have something to do, wow, I didn't have to do that. You know, instead of going to my first phone, I'm going to go over and do it. I thought, like, yeah, I'm going to do it. But that piece of that, I, it's for the small folks. You don't really get to get things involved with my power. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people. I know people Inaudible Remark I'm just one of the most famous stories I have ever been to read, and I'm totally on a terrible side, but still I think it's a terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible the law. I mean, it won't be clutch, but I say it's very well, that's fine. Just my doubt, I don't even know what it's for. Good morning, I'm learning from other seniors, I'm going to turn something. One day the next year, the dreams become reality. It was the best time on some of the film. The stage 180, parts were broken, parts left were broken. My family built out of the album by the island and the city of Columbus. I don't know how I got here, but here I am, riding away in the warm, down from the sun. There are things I need to figure out, but first I need to cross it. The gap is wide. ♪ You'll always love me no matter what. ♪musicmusic ♪ You'll always love me no matter what. ♪ ♪ You'll always love me no matter what. ♪ ♪ You'll always love me no matter what. ♪ ♪ You'll always love me no matter what. ♪MUSIC Music SilenceMUSIC I just want to talk about the life of an intimate person. I just want to love the relationship between me and the person. I just want to talk about the relationship between me and the person. I just want to talk about the relationship between me and the person. I just want to talk about the relationship between me and the person. I just want to talk about the relationship between me and the person. I just want to talk about the relationship between me and the person. I just want to talk about the relationship between me and the person. I just want to talk about the relationship between me and the person. I just want to talk about the relationship between me and the person. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Sima!inaudible And I was like there, so I gave it a little over here, so I got to do an after-sense sentence, which I think is a really nice talk.INAUDIBLE Anything good ever? I'm going to show you guys a bit of this one, I'm going to put some snacks and I'm also just going to put some snacks in there and I'm going to put some snacks in there and I'm going to put some snacks in there and I'm going to put some snacks in there and I'm going to I'm sure I did have the right serving bar. Start a big boss. I'm not sure if the color is good for our lives. I'm not enjoying it. I'm not enjoying it. I'm not enjoying it. I'm not enjoying it. I'm not enjoying it. I'm not enjoying it. I'm not enjoying it.MUSIC Music Music Music Background noise Yeah, you know. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that.INAUDIBLE No, I don't think the water is in front of the trail affection.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I probably decided that too, because I don't know if you should be calling it. I'm just just guessing it works. Do you believe? I do. Do you? She's pretty cool. Yes, but not. So I don't want to be fond of her. But it's a day enough to win with her. I don't think so. Yes. Play one more. Actually. We need to do this. No. Shh. Hey. Hey. What do you want? I'm sure. What do you think? Play last. Where's the phone? Where's the phone? Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark this team and mother fucker. For years, if I depend on you and even long for my creations, I'll be sharing it to you in the background and I'll be going all the way. It's so good for me. It's a bunch of things you can do with other things. You just must remember that. Always have always good things. I can't believe the message of rap is not causing the asshole or the hospital to shoot it, and I think we're not confirming why it was that vote to speak rich, murdered more. So say murder and see why it's such an innocent right now. For some reason, the business and everything is legitimate. Just to get some out a lot, you know what I'm going to tell you.inaudible So, hold on tight, I'm getting a snap. Little, uh, like, B and D. So, hold that off, I guess. It's so really, you'll change it up. So, hold on your neck. So, it's... So, J's so mean? J's you've been a pretty bad actor? Yes. You sure have to cover some neck? No, and I think you just answered your own bucks, J. That actually works. It's... It works on the other side of the champion. At least I've been married a minute. Anything works on the other side of the character? So, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uhinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Okay, here it is, forms I've never seen in a room, just what I've seen. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark not very sure. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic You can have it if you need a book. Read me. Well, that's one of the benefits of adoption. Yeah, I, you know, if you're on here, if you're here, if you're here, you can bring it. Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I find it interesting that all these people are writing, writing about sitting in London, about problems, about life, and having fuel, and practice, and how those figures are. That's right, that's your thing. No grass, no stuff. That is fine, it's cold over there, it's cold over there, it's cold over there. Inaudible Remark I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Inaudible Remark I want to keep where we all are virgin, why, because it's not like you want to see where we have this, but we just shut up. It's not something that I, it's not something that I, it's not something that I, it's I'm going to use this sauce. (indistinct) What is that? What? It was worth it. I know I'm really nice. (inaudible) (inaudible) Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Hey, David, very nice. First. First. Here's that one. All right. We'll go to another. We'll go to another. Okay. A little bit. Hey, this time it comes out there. Okay. Okay. Uh-oh. One more. One more. Woo! >> First thing is first, you have to show down, right? Okay, you still ask it?inaudibleinaudible I'm not going to have to go there, I've seen one of them all, I've been like the front kids and I'm going to have to never ever see on his wife, right? And this, I'm assuming that they are, maybe ask the 22nd of older. I'm not going to go there, you know, to bed, you know, but I'm not about to be here, and she just starts off the very top. She's very sh*t. I'm going to switch to the other side of the room. We'll use the digital display. It's not in the patient. You're going to get a problem with the visual eye. Let me put a conversation here already. That should just say that's something I don't go. I don't know, you know, most of you may be good at doing nothing but a very good girl. I think that probably the best thing to talk to her is that she can just seriously be shit. Oh. Oh. Oh. Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE It's a very good question, one proper night, one proper hour alone, and we changed you, just so straight along, all of the relationships I've been talking to, it's just not cool. For that, you'll be done for the last. It's been fair to lay any questions, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break the rules, doesn't break It's been family, it wasn't very normal, it wasn't that way, it wasn't supposed to. because this is what you say. I didn't care about that. So I asked, "Who is this? Is this someone I need to worry about?" And what was she saying? "It's the system." So that's the sound of it. I'm glad that's you. So, maybe we'll be speaking at this time.Music (laughing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) There's a emphasis in it. See it. See it.MUSIC Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Where is he?inaudibleinaudibleinaudible MusicMUSIC I've already made it. Okay, ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? You're not talking about being a ship short for a war and you're trying to fall for it. - Well, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in You're not talking about being a ship short for a war and you're trying to fall for it. Musicinaudible So, you know, you take me online and you want to come back to me, you want me to talk to you. You need to be quiet, you need to be quiet, you need to be quiet, you need to be quiet, you need to be quiet. I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this video.MUSIC So I'm glad to be here soon.inaudible Well, I'm very, very capable. Very clever. Where's your chin? I don't know, there's almost no fat fat. Every time you sit, you sure don't do the death of your own. So I have a chin. So I need to sit. You have to stop up. You don't need me. You don't need me. Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music >> Hey, tell me, we've had that sexist in the last year. You're not following the party yet. You can have us give you a hold. You can keep it. I found a jacket came from here in the white of the day. I'm pretty nervous. You used to be all about the opposite. What's fun about this game? Just for me, it's just... I don't know. It's just not like the game. It's just it works, and I can't tell you what it's all about. Come on, you have to be fine. You need to shoot some real officer. Do what you got into. I'll put this. Wow. I'll put it here. You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Here, where she's replacing. Really, I don't know how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use the machines, how to use I'm glad they were here, you know, so we can't on the same page, right, we're gonna be here to see. I don't know what we're gonna do either, but you know, it's a better story to talk about. It's a very strong story. If you're on a boy and with time, what am I talking about? Inaudible Remark I mean, it's incredible, but I was gonna say, I'm supposed to, I'm gonna have to go right in, or not right in, or whatever it looks, yeah, and let's say that it's amazing. We want to call us a bit, and now, we're going to go right in. Oh, that's an interesting character. Who's on? There you go. Inaudible Remark Yeah, anything up or should I do what happened? Oh, there's some flaring in there.INAUDIBLEinaudible I don't know what I'm going to do, but I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm going to have to do it, I'm just a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of She's bright, and something ain't normal in the dress. She's bright, and something ain't normal in the dress.Music Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Well, fashion is our opinion power, it is, it is, and it is our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our knowledge, our And I, like I still say, I'm in the phone, well, it's just, you know, I got it, yeah. Great, sorry about that, I was in New York, isn't it? She may have a student, and I don't know about it. How's she doing? She's a little less sweet. I brought a little napkin, smile, a little napkin, I got a little napkin. I've been bored with her for a while, yeah, you know.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music >> I clearly can't do opera celebrated underground models like the 7th season to be this, and we'll stay the same God hates us all. I want a little bit of whatever to do to be there. some of us have compared the way we are in the novel to the decade plus the the new buzz rose about. We're just going to be able to see a lot of things for this supply. I certainly hope that we can grow soon, probably straight up, because I want to get on a complete book, but if I want that to stay there for the book, I want to get a show for the next year. I'm not thinking of the love of the new show. She's laughing, he didn't have any faith in what she did. In all cities, in Sir Block, we're calling it, he's struggling a lot on the ground, a lot of things. I can say, but it's really hard for me to know about it. I'll see you guys later. You know, she's standing by, I'm really going to end right there. I'm going to end right there. What's your latest little session? Just prepare for people to see what they're going to do.inaudible Inaudible >> Yeah, you're part of the problem. You're out there blocking with the best. Thanks. That's all. Inaudible >> Well, at the top, I don't know. But once you match, you can see the rock rolling. So literally, just, okay. (laughing) - Say hi, yeah. - I'll share, I know that's, but you never really say to get that. - Oh, but when you don't do push into the wire, and you want to get some, I don't know if I can say that it was just really cool to say. It's not that cool to say. Well, she couldn't buy one for you, and that was really the main equipment. I don't know what that was. I don't know what it was. It was short, it's on the phone. Hey to me, how are you? I'm fine with what? I'm okay with that. Yeah, hold on. What's up? We're going to make some cake. We should fast. I gotta go and finish it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Inaudible Remark So, I'm going to sit and see what we're going to do in the long band. Thank you, sweetie. I'm proud of all of this. Thank you so much. Thank you. Well, I lost all of my money. Thank you.inaudible I brought some of the N.A.E.s. on the way to J.A.D. I brought the N.A.s on the way to J.A.D. I brought the N.A.s on the way to J.A.D. I brought the N.A.s on the way to J.A.D. I brought the N.A.s on the way to J.A.D. I brought the N.A.s on the way to J.A.D. I brought the N.A.s on the way to J.A.D. I brought the N.A.s on the way to J.A.D. I brought the N.A.s on the way to J.A.D. I brought the N.A.s on the way to J.A.D, and that's all I was just about to. I heard you. I'm like being at a foreign version of. Where did I think of this? It's all over the place. It's all over the place. So if you want to call me, you should go back. It's a girl calling me back to someone taking us back in the old woman.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I've worked here, you know, I've been listening to it for a long time, but seeing that, I've been pretty shaking, but it's my standard. I think, well, one of those folks had that, I think, you know, a very, very, very, honest, you know. That's honest, but, this is our song, it's a little, it's a little, it's a little, it's a little, it's a little, it's a little, it's a little, it's a little, it's a little, it's I don't know what you're going to see. But, you know, I've got a scene in me with the hearts. I'm going to say the power. I'm going to say the power. She's still there.silencesilencesilencesilence What are you doing here? Food Marcel. I was very cool when I did the talking of me so we were going to be talking about it right now. I don't know, we're going to get it at that last one, four times at it. Yeah, I don't know why. But we're going to get it. It smells so good. So we're going to have five times at it. I swear it on the internet. I'm going to go back to the next one. I'm going to go back to the next one. I'm going to go back to the next one. I'm going to go back to the next one. I'm going to go back to the next one. I'm going to go back to the next one. I'm going to go back to the next one. I'm going to go back to the next one. I'm going to go back to the next one. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. Because the past life was a lot. So many things that I learned, and it's just so many things that I've been doing. I think the county is pretty high in people taking it. So I think it's really good. I think I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you.MUSICMUSICMusic Music >> Hey, we'll start off here, so we'll be able to show you I'm going to follow him and say, "If you win, then what?" I am in my black circle. Well, I'm not a big deal. It's probably already in the 70s or 40s. But why? Because it's already in the 70s. Yes. I'll send you the tickets. (sighs) Shit. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So stupid. We're here to meet you up for the bell. But I'm going to get some tea. Yeah, why? I know. I'm a kid. That's what goes to me. I'm going to get a big name. I know they're going to stay. Yeah. Glad they're so much more. I just feel so used. Well, really tough pain. I love how you're doing in war. I have to be on conservatively, and this is where I would find one of the two girls. But please take it back. You can easily make a reference with what we do. Where is the view without the solution made? Come on, back of all that out. Shit. You know, I think that is still better about the solution. If I didn't take your link, I was supposed to be supposed to have worked with the other person video provider. That's going to take time. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know Background Sounds >> Yes. Background Sounds >> One minute. Well, congratulations. That's the moment only if you can never see. Try to feel the most spiritual, serotonin-pass, and one very guy goes back to his life and he's well. I know that you should. I'm trying to follow you. I know that you should.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic So shut the struggle and get no burnt shit. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) She might be able to take you to the top, she's got a friend's wife, and you're the lair, and I'd like to be able to meet you there, and I'd like to talk to you so. She might be able to take you to the top, she's got a friend's wife, and you're the lair. ♪ I don't get moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, moved, Thank you very much. You You You You Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMUSICINAUDIBLE The balls hit a tree that brings their rain birds out there. Your job was a lucky year, and it was true, but it was strange that it had its own. Ah, where does that street? I'm going to make sure that I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to check the drop of favorite, but I'm going to Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible for me, sir. The new question is, I just want you to start off. I'll start off. Well, I'm going to say you was a surprise, and you injected through the core intuitioninaudible And if the bother named Shampoo Boa is one little star, right? Yes, what star? Boa. Hmm? No, no, no. Well, Mr. Bore, all around for all. I've had a deal with that information for Shampoo Boa. One star. Put it down. Not even things can't paint the do-show. The director once went here for a cup, was pretty simple for walks. For walks. Yes, sir. They use one star, a cheap one. Two stars, two books. But you never know what the step is, you see, and what we should do. There is not any way to get it. There's both norms, you have to buy it, and what we want is all the cash, and we'll vote for it, and I'd like to start us again. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible and maybe I'll do something with it. You have to get a real pass and come. I'll tell you what, please. If I don't tell, why don't you take the horse and then pay the line.inaudibleinaudible Bye. I'm the one. I suspect from these things are at least such times. I suspect to the people living there. Do you plan on seeing us in the middle of life? I feel very bad night. The phone that we're moving in. No. We're going to be trying to find one. So that's why I've been investigating. The burned woman died, well, having failed, nothing had happened, she was not there, we're being able to, sorry, if he didn't have the bad enough to take into the police. For mercy, oh, of course, she had a name, right? Of course, the one star, who stopped, he died, but a court from a woman. I was a child of champagne and paid by a seven by a golf ball. It was a pass rate of mine. Why did you do that? Because she saw a similar bottle of wine from my wine ball. Well, you do want to throw that thing through. Throw it through it in the night. It's just you were happy for the valley from my earlier, and part of it was in a little sand. I'm going to show you mine how much shit I've been tired of, so we can't end it, we should not end it. There's loads of things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little things, my little I'm going to show you mine how much shit I've been tired of, so we can't end it, so we can't end it, so we can't end it. He knows that he knows that I've been very active in services of tools that I was wrong. For just how do I do this? I just tell me where in the world is this? It's a war. It's right in front of your head. It's a hidden weapon. I have a hidden gun. No, it's not. It's right in front of me, and once they've come in, bring it forward. Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark You're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark you can talk to your business and you can just speak to your business, they do a lot of hard to speak in them, they don't speak at all. I think it's not very good to show up, you need to know how to do it, stand there, hear how to do it, follow it up. I'm not going to have to go to the other side of the building. I'm not going to have to go to the other side of the building. I'm not going to have to go to the other side of the building. Inaudible Remark Background noiseinaudible But I'm not sure that this is not a counter-picture. Would you really be me? You might be sure of the counter-exaggeration in the end of the film. You are my daddy. I'll talk to you in the next video. We'll find you, Jack and I, and you want to see each other three, two, one, four, five. Inaudible Remark is being directed to the top.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Background Sounds All right, how about this thing you'll be watching in the rules of the system for the rules of the system. Inaudible Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Inaudible Remark (indistinct chatter) (upbeat music) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Music Background Sounds MusicMUSIC We're happy to see you again. Inaudible I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going Yeah, where is it? Yeah. Getting my job to you. Okay. So, would you be interested in what may be certain? I don't know. I don't know why. What if there's a block? You'll picture on it. You'll see it. Okay. Background Sounds (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) At the same time, you know it's the same shadow on the one note. Whether it's not shadow, you wouldn't. So, you know what, for the other guy is going to see you in the picture at some time.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible What do you want to talk to me about the company, 13 companies, 13 companies, 13 companies Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible If you need a love box of this and lose that, stay back, stay a little longer, I'll be sitting just right on the top. This was made like a straw. Yeah, it's full of bones. Oh, I can't imagine that. A search for a video. This search is in tune like a well. You know, it's a very good throwaway. Inaudible Remark "Oh, it's God. We stole the darkness from him." "You're under arrest, sir. It's a prison murder." "Tempty, sir." "Oh, you're almost about to leave me right." "You're supposed to run the children again, sir." "You're supposed to run the children again, sir." You have a monthly name shot, you have a message, you say to me for all my things. You are the one doing everything you can. You have the right. You are the one doing everything you can. You are the one doing everything you can. Music Silence Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and the bathroom you throw long down the exit, it pops. We have, from an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age, an early age (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I am not going to ask you what you should do after a long time. I have made the task of the Eastern European Parliament and an empress-wintering country. This is not necessary for the Eastern European Union. I am not going to ask you what you should do after a long time. from D.U. Bible. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) as a united country, in the morning and in the evening, in the morning and in the evening, in the morning and in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the evening, in the I think it's long-shot, because it's not over yet. It's between world law, but also in the eighties of my thoughts. It's a beautiful place from the West and in the West. As in Europe, the five-day world has changed. It's the summer, it's the jambos, yeah. The million people, who say, "It's the end, it's the end." And you can also use the support of Germany. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I would like to thank you for your support and your support. I would like to thank you for your support and your support. I would like to thank you for your support and your support and your support. I would like to thank you for your support and your support and your support. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and I can't handle the bottom of the book. This highlight of the year in Fantreis for the order of the Insider, the international very big for the number of six-year-olds. Very sweetly, it's been such a short time that we have to spend so that we have to be free from the hands of the people. For checking, in the end, with an idea of the freedom of the National Assembly. On the next session, we begin with the blue-brushing fire from the Griechenberg Nachfagtax. We make the fire from the sea, and the flames from the sea, and the shadows in the sky. We also make the fire from the sea, and we make the fire from the sea, This is the linear effect. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We are waiting for something nice and quiet, although they do not inform us about the situation. I am very happy to hear that. To talk about the situation, I would like to ask you a few questions about the situation. I wish your peace and good luck to your mother and your mother and your mother.SpanishSpanishSpanishSpanishSpanishSpanishSpanishSpanishSpanish (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to entertain, show up in the North Trump Tower. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Inaudible Remarksilence Well, I'm going to say that we've been at a police station, we're just going to have our residents in the north. It's probably good, well, I mean, but there's this from here to here, so I'm sorry, but I'm going to say that we've been at a police station for a long time, so I'm going to So we just should have parents out this community, I'm going to say, you know, to have a child. First, I'm not sustaining that for what it's showing. At this point, we need to go talk and go talk and go talk to people, go do it. But tell us more about this new area of the last past month's story, how long will it be in here?INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible David Parker was going to the gym.MusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC You're the guy that gave it to me. I have said that they've been there for years, finishing five rounds of asses, and I'minaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. Change the authority of those four students. All in the case, any other cases? Any other questions? It is not the same thing. Inaudible Remark Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Background noise Inaudible Remark is not a bad thing, but you know through, you know, and that is a good thing, but not a bad thing. Nope, this is not a bad thing, it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing, it's a bad thing. It's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing, but it's a bad thing. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Thank you. Silence Silence Silence >> This is a negative calculation. Certainly, you have to have a proper protocol. Silence >> See what I mean? Inaudible Background noise Inaudible Remark I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-blood, I am so much a self-bloodINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible All right, you all have martial arts, so we're back in the arts. Thank you all for your time, and I'll see you next time.inaudible (inaudible) (inaudible) Ah, I'm working. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So, I feel like I'm going to be having lots of that. So, I'm going to be having lots of that. So, I'm going to be having lots of that. So, I'm going to be having lots of that. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) You can't run to a link there. I can see that.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thank you very much for coming out on the service. Thank you very much for coming out on the service. Thank you very much for coming out on the service. Pause >> One more sheet. >> Oh, what? >> No, I'm going to have your dates. You're going to have to have it. Pause >> Put it. PauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music Music Silence Background noise Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much, thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I have to hand it to you over to you, so I'll give you a few more comments and I'll give you a few more comments. Silence Silence (laughs) (laughs) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) I'm going to say five. I'm going to say five. I'm going to say five. I'm going to say five. I'm going to say five. But now that's it, you don't know about that. Inaudible Remark I don't think it's enough for me to ask you. Do you see that? I don't think it's going to be very serious. I don't think it's going to be very serious. I don't think it's going to be very serious. I don't think it's going to be very serious. I don't think it's going to be very serious. I don't think it's going to be very serious. I don't think it's going to be very serious. I don't think it's going to be very serious. I don't think it's going to be very serious. I don't think it's going to be very serious. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible and then we will have a little bit more time to do that. Thank you. Music Music Music MusicMUSICINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Oh, I'm going to try to solve this for a few seconds.inaudibleinaudibleMusicMusic Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I think the number is so significant. In part of the initial slide, I can see that number saying issues and all. Thank you. Inaudible Remark So, the last thing you want to do right now is turn the gas down and show you all of the things you can do. So, the last thing you want to do right now is turn the gas down and show you all of the things you can do right now. So, I would like to start with your own first system. We need to take care of all of your nested techniques. So, we need to take care of all of your nested techniques. We need to take care of all of your nested techniques. We need to take care of all of your nested techniques. We need to take care of all of your nested techniques. So, today's time issue of having a world with the leader of a new branch. So do I do the right thing to see what's going to happen. So do I do the right thing to see what's going to happen. Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryinaudible and he must make follow-ups for this paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the paper, this is the Sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Well, we saw all the good news about the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news, the bad news,MusicMusic Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Sir, the parallel problem is to deliver a just arrival and a project is in giving a little of this very long, so that's the way we have left this war. The war has a total of a thousand things, and the past is a very long history. We are going to leave the war and so leave this is your story. So, this is the first time I've ever seen a source. This is the first time I've ever seen a source. This is the first time I've ever seen a source. This is the first time I've ever seen a source. This is the first time I've ever seen a source. This is the first time I've ever seen a source. This is the first time I've ever seen a source. This is the first time I've ever seen a source. This is the first time I've ever seen a source. This is the first time I've ever seen a source. This is the first time I've ever seen a source.MUSIC >> Well, we get to my read for today. I'll comment on something from the PR site. You'll see. If you want a bit, we'll go on and follow the comment. So I'll read some more. We'll go ourselves. I ran a studio in the chat. We can on the side of the city, we can only be here in this town. You see, they want certain people to start offering it, and so on. We just sit down. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause I am a head and I am full of good news. But I am a 12 year old. I don't even have a key in things that are of the population. So I'm a big fan. I think I'm a 12 year old. I don't even have a key in things that are of the population. So I'm a big fan. I think I'm a 12 year old. I think I'm a 12 year old. I think I'm a 12 year old. I think I'm a 12 year old. I don't even have a key in things that are of the population. So I'm a 12 year old. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry.MUSIC Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC Music Music Inaudible Remark We are the first five out of two. This will be the final touches. I will show you the exhibition. You should be the first one to show you the final touches. So, we will not believe. We will not believe. So, I'm going to talk to you about our nine systems. We need to be 13, 13, 13, or even more in the world, not in the same system. We need to be 13, 13, or even more in the same system. I don't have a lot to go with this stuff, so you know what I'm going to do. I don't have that. When you get a position, you get a lot to do. You're not having a lot of that mess. I'm quite good. Music Background SoundsINAUDIBLE If I had to sit down and wait, but I'd support the shots I had to see. But look at how we can see it, and look at this. I have to clean up things. So, if I had to clean up things, we could have done.INAUDIBLE We have a song in Spain that is in the capital scene of the infancy. I have only a single quote in it. We have no books. Why do you do it?INAUDIBLE I'm not just doing it with a joint together. It's in the books. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) If you're not sure, you're not going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. You're going to be able to do that. I can't hear you anymore, sir. You hear it simply if I don't have it. I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do if I was a father, I don't know what else you can do I can only identify the hearing aids I'm off of fire, but I can't help it enough. I need to come see before I do any hint. Time of contrast, simply, I have a gun called "Mah". (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible And he's going to be there, but I think you know this stuff. You know this stuff, they're fucking, they're gonna raise you up. You know the body is holding, they're going to be sure. You know what I'm going to do, my friend, but I'll see you up. I really do know what I'm going to do. I'll see you in time. I know what I'm going to do. If you want me to try and be a soul-ship, you won't lose me. I gather a lot of these major data. I try to speed up that, and not buy a video game. I'm going to show you how to do both of those. Someone's off the phone. We're going to do it. We're not going to sell any of that. I'm doing all the launches, your safety stuff. I'll be doing it when you're going to be so hot. Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, I want to say that we need to talk to you. So, I'm sure there's a time to be able to do that, and it's time for change and change and change. If you want to find a solution for this, it's a way to kind of not take it seriously. I'm not in this position for which I'm going to be. to be able to see the sense of how I feel, how I feel, how I feel, how I feel, how I feel, how I feel, how I feel, how I feel, how I feel, how I feel, how I feel, how I feel, how I feel, Inaudible Remark Welcome to the XC. Thank you. I'm going to see that at least, you know what I'm talking about, it's not going to happen. I'm going to see, I'm going to see the relationship that we have with the last two years. That is, I'm going to see that at least 25 years. I'm going to see that at least 25 years. I don't want to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one to be the last one Hello, there's nothing about the human loss of the human. Questions? This is all I need to do is take a little bit of time to see if it's going to be easy. Thank you for watching. I still have nightmares at the ways that hardly much buts.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Maybe they're all supposed to be bad. But maybe the focus might still get a little bit of pain. So, this might have been a fine amount of trouble. So, we can just... ...out. ...out. ...out. So, I will just take a look at this, I will just take a look at this, I will just takeinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Inaudible and then you have some of the issues that you have to take. - Lots of leadership, now, again. Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Each hundred families are in France, out of France. If we sincerely invite our other option. It's a lot of money, we've got a lot of money. If we pay for it, we pay for it. But that's the end of it. We'll see you in the next one. You know, I think that's it. You know, I think that's it. Thank you. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much.MUSICMUSIC Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know, we also have a taxi, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, we also have a driver's seat, You don't want to explode the bomb, I'm doing a destroyer. This is how we're going to need to block it. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. You can't ask us to do that. The door is locked, and you can see the door is locked, and you can see the door is locked. The door is locked, and you can see the door is locked, and you can see the door is locked. It's not even like a watch, fire on us. When you will get a game, that's why it goes all over your pool. It's better than the initial boss hands system. It's a straight back in the switch. It's better than everything else it'll get. It's better than everything else it'll get. It's better than everything else it'll get. It's better than everything else it'll get.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic and bounce. We will let you have a few shots, look at the board station, and we will go to the right here. Let's just shoot cards and let them go and start from down to the right. Start station, you can't pass and we don't need to be so worried about that. So, I'll see you in this. Make sure you put your hands on your wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wallMusic Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Music Silence I'll continue this one of the ones. Thank you. you you Music Music Music Silence Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music Music MusicMusic Music If this is hurtful, I'm almost making an answer to this. No one holds up when the mile is over. We're going to one of one of one's at least, and we'll be fine to you. I'm sure people will be fine. I'm going to be trying to just change things, right? See? Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. and non-operacy in heart problems. So if you are already a nice life, you are watching the channel, and if you are watching the channel, you are watching the channel, and if you are watching the channel, and if you are watching the channel, you are watching the channel, and if you are watching the channel, Inaudible Remark I don't know if you know what I'm going to do, I don't know if you're going to do it. But I don't say I'm going to do it, but I'm going to sing it, sing it, sing it, and I don't know. I know for a fact, she knows it in the end, before she got this new vibe. The real front thing is shame.MUSIC >>INAUDIBLE I'm just here to say, I think that's it for my own reasons. That's the only part of the need for our own future. I think every day, every day, every night, I'm an elusive, every night, we have something to do with it. It requires university science, university science, university science, university science. I think that we can be very aware that I will be very proud of you, if you see me passing. So, today, well, to this evening, I would like to say to you that I need to see you passing. Inaudible RemarkMUSIC It's so rapidly starting to come to people for this.MUSIC MusicMUSIC I'm going to use the left-hand side of the back of the back of the back of the back of the No, that's not true. I just want to be happy to see what just left something going on with the back of the station. It's only before we use the door to open, so we can't wait to see what we can see, it's going to spoil our life. We'll be seeing what our children can see from the inside. Other than the pain of our children, we'll be seeing what our children can see. This is the end of the series. Just take our space and take the sticks and bring them back to the seats. We can't even bring it down. We can recess it. We might have passed it over the door.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (inaudible) (inaudible) Thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank you for the time being, thank youinaudible change the language of the fact, because it's one of the various meanings of justice, and if all the time, if you get bored with the rules, I'll punch you. you you Music Music Music Inaudible Remarkinaudible Music Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC We'll just place this in here. All shoes are in the bottom of your legs. Thank you. You can see some of the little things found in it. These are the socks. These are the socks. These are the socks. These are the socks. Let's just move. Inaudible Remark I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the long situation, I'm the This slide gives you that support. Here's a particular round. So, the combination faculty requested for all the one-packages that were called in to college in Florida. Why would we go to college? If there's anything else you need, I don't know what I'm going to do. Passing the time for a course. I'll finish you on bottom of the sheet. Patrick. I'm going to have to make sure that you're not going to ask any of the other questions. I'm going to give you a day of support. Music >> You know maybe the party can finish it. You can write a bit of that, miss your little panna. Inaudible Remark It's not easy to see what you're doing, you know, I guess something more like a new thing. We're trying to explore the situation. You know, I never actually did a situation. But it's a lot of stuff about it. But it's all about, you know, about a new security, about a new security. Uh, it's insane.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark We can begin to see this now, so let's say an essential thing we're not going to see. So, when you have a video, I think it's one of the things that we're going to do. We're building a server that also wants to sell it. It's going to be a little bit more modern and fast. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Like I said, each time, one of the three of the five of the favorite people. But I can see in the conversation with you. Even if that generation of people would seek for a million dollars for this one, Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) I'm so grateful to you for the $30,000 I made for you to buy. Inaudible Remark I was running my name in my opinion, because she feels it might not be good, now it's too challenging to run. They have worked, it will not necessarily work out. It will not be a help. So, what's up with the protein, what's the amount of protein that you have to do with the deeper? What will try protein?Music You can see that there is a lot of pressure in your body. You can see that there is a lot of pressure in your body. You can see that there is a lot of pressure in your body. You can see that there is a lot of pressure in your body.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE All of a sudden, you still can use your work to sort of stand here.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So, I would like to thank you all for your time.Pause And this is, you never lose this, this big home, your home. Now, together we'll meet again soon.MusicMUSIC Silence Silence Music SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic to round over by, into the rock wall. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You know, I have an accent that's a very good one, but it's about people who want to play every day and lose hope and lose it. But the most famous state around the global audience is that it's about a serious laughing. Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Just how many people have you seen, what are you doing? You go, she, don't do this to me. What happens around me? See? I don't see that. It's funny. She's not. She's not. She's not, and I'm sorry, because I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I That's the last thing that we need to do is to open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up and open it up If you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested, if you're interested Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) MusicMUSIC Background Sounds Music Yes, we're in the working units. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You will discerse and eat your food. Rejunctive food. I'll try your food. You're going to be successful. Just. Perfect. Is it just because you're up there, but that's somebody who's started to be there. Don't be there. I don't care, sir. He didn't love me. He put me to the point where he's fucked. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark 6. We're going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be 6. 6.MUSIC But I have a sense that it's just, but it's just, it is not a raw and foolish. Well, the concept is not a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw, but it's a raw I'm not going to talk to you about this. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero. You are the hero.inaudible You know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying, Can you hear what's on the dits, or pie, or thing? Music Music Music MusicMUSIC I'm sorry to be done with this department, but I'm sorry to be done with this department, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.INAUDIBLE As long as you get on the chair to join the other end of the day, I'll desperately do it. I'll pass you your Ryan Harvissie.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE All right. All right. All right. All right. Inaudible (inaudible) (inaudible) So far, this is small. I'm going to have to do this.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic One, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two What's going on with the game? We used to be silent. We were working with the party. It's the subject of the subject. It's our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Our own decision. Thanks, sir. You know, there are a lot of times, seeing you live in the face of a million stone.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yes.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE You have a game for these five fingers. You have a game for these five fingers. I'll select it and then all of its princesses come up. That's a very simple problem.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (singing in foreign language) So, I'm going to give you a few more questions, and I'm going to give you a few more questions. Thank you very much. >> That's it. We want to bring some of that to the store.inaudible You might just ask, "Did you love the kids?" There's no point in saying, "Did you love the kids?" You're not. You're putting wrongs, extol the kids from wrongs and kids. You're just stored and fed. You're not. You're not. You're not.MUSIC and I want to start with you, don't you? Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark In the last couple of seconds, you'll be able to find a place to be. What is it, Robert? That's the last one. You'll find it soon. You can do something that I hope that you'll see. You'll see. You'll see. But I'll say she's in fact. Music >> So, you are starting courses for free through one set. The decision set appears on the list, but there is not that in the paper office. The ability is set for a few years. We will be back home and should select the end to see for the decision.MUSIC Inaudible Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you very much. So, this is the first time, so I have to say that this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is the first time, this is theMUSIC And it's going to take a power point and if this is your fault, it's going to be the same. That's when you see the news here. That's what I'm going to draw out of that. There's something before you're in the subject. Before, I don't know if it's that good. I'm going to be under threat to the role of the government. I'm going to be under threat to the role of the government. I'm going to be under threat to the role of the government. I'm going to be under threat to the role of the government. I'm going to be under threat to the role of the government. Inaudible Remark Music (indistinct) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Open the bar. Open the bar. But I'm getting ready to see the bars. Open the bar. Open the bar. Open the bar. Open the bar. Open the bar. Open the bar. Open the bar. Open the bar. Open the bar. Inaudible Remark by the same way, kind of like that, bye.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music Thank you. Music SilenceMUSIC I'll be able to make some massive changes to your heart. You're still alive. Not only small, but more than you just stand there. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark We'll have been factored by this policy station where we're happening. Okay, we'll solve this for several more facts, but it's not been factored.MUSICMUSICMUSIC (indistinct chatter) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible I don't think so, but that's what she should want to do about me. I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don'tMusic You are seen earlier. I have seen it. This is something I've lost in this program. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic I'll be at the end of these 8.5-5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6.5-6MUSIC Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Musicinaudible Shit. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Music (audience laughs) - Seriously, so this is all through my work. Inaudible Remark MusicMusic Music Silence (bell dings) (bell dings) (bell dings) (bell dings) (bell dings) (bell dings) (bell dings) (bell dings) (bell dings) So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (inaudible) It's not studying, it's not studying yet, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you You've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line. You've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to You've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line, you've got to go all the way to the bottom line. But don't miss the good driving game. It's a time to be told. Being sparse on the internet, so I'm so stupid. Do it. But it isn't. Why? So I'm saying shit. We ain't making any time to be so good, so. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEinaudible I don't see the difference in the fact that you are following a previous class, and I don't have to listen to you listening to my story.MUSIC Music Music MusicMusicMusic Music Sound Effects >> What are the laws for it? >> Give me the chance to start off now. >> Better? Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark >> Just want to say no to the ship. Just to let me know, I'm going to share. But I'm going to have a chance. I'm going to send in the mouse face. It's something that I don't get.MUSICINAUDIBLE you there for all of that whole place, and then one insect with a girl even in her face, and I really, really see what the power of these areas I've viewed myself, and I love backing the sake of the video. You just still have to change things. So, I saw it with my hat down time. I know that we both know how to do this, and I wonder why it's so easy for us to do this. Or that's so easy. It's the easiest. It means we'll learn. We'll learn. We'll learn. We'll learn. We'll learn. We'll learn. We'll learn. We'll learn. We'll learn. We'll learn. I am soft, and I see it as work. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. So, it's a good shot here all of you. We've passed this thing and I'm going to start around here. Thank you all for watching. Music >> It's very simple. So it's about this. It's just the requirements. You're fine? Music We were 11. So it's mostly.inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds So, I guess I'll be doing jobs like this, I'll be doing jobs like this, and I'll be doing And he shits down for me, but I was asleep, and he's sometimes for home cargo outside of New York. But he's back in the arm of the bus bus bus bus, and he's looking at himself and shits going on a walk, and he's having a phone, you know what I'm saying? So, if you want to see what I've been doing, I'll just go ahead and see what I've done. Thank you very much for your time. I'm going to talk to you in just a minute. We're going to do some things that are almost invisible. We're going to do some small steps. We're going to do some small steps. I will see you later. If you need work out how to change, yes, we will be starting soon. Now, if you have a question, yes, but I don't apply only 17 things that seem to be going wrong. I will see you later.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm just happy to be with you guys all the time. I'm happy to be with you guys all the time. I'm happy to be with you guys all the time. I'm happy to be with you guys all the time. I'm happy to be with you guys all the time. So, you see this guy at this facility, right? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Music It's not a sense that it's printed for the melody of the song. There are songs on the other show going from that to this. It wasn't so important for that. to show you how to make sure that you have a good relationship, choose how to make sure that you have a good relationship, choose how to make sure that you have a good relationship, choose how to make sure that you have a good relationship, choose how to make sure that you have a good relationship, choose how to make sure that you have a good relationship, Music Background Sounds Dance, the Armino Receptors. So, if I were to be a Dutchman, one of these things is that the brands are at this point in all human fashion and things that we need to convince, they will be easy to make sure that just by going to the North York, our own standards are going to go on the record case. Inaudible Remark I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singer, I am a singerinaudibleinaudible I'm sick and I'm all burned out. I'm going to go to the police. You can rest and relax a little more. I'm recording. That's far too much down. My wife and I are at that. She's very senior in the past of the week. We are very good friends, and both of us are notes. They are all black and all black, and the folks who provide them, should be able to learn so what we have to do for them, and again, it's more than bossing around. Don't seek me. I'm going to start by having no virus explode and do a stir. So, first guess in the data problem. I'm taking it before. But I have to say, show it with your hands. I want to see. I want to see. I want to see. the gate, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, the gates, >> One minute talk to you, Susanne. Why is this a bench that cannot be said to you? Of course. Background Sounds >> Turn around and change your mind and energy. The process and the current needs to work, some needs to show, and today, I've been told, I've been told, I've been told, all the time. We can turn around to see if we really get any information. I don't know if you see any of this, but she will be able to do this. I've had a lot to talk about, but I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't know if you see any of this, but I don't Inaudible Remark Music So, I am going to start with the first one. Music Inaudible Remark I can't stop you, I have thoughts, I'm chillin' you up. How are you feeling after my opposite of your friend, Chico Brian, and so don't you see that like you've been killed in that cold, bright, bright? I feel like some of these supports, you know, that's what I'm talking about. Now, I don't need it by front view, by this end. I don't know why I'm going to do that. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. I'm going to keep going. Music I cannot just ask, you're kind of self-published, I don't see it, I don't see it. I think you should have a lot of answers to that. I think you should have a lot of answers to that. I think you should have a lot of answers to that. I think you should have a lot of answers to that. I think you should have a lot of answers to that. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible This is where my friends are going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Music I'm going to press that in the middle of that one, six.Music Music Silence Background SoundsINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark I'm smart, it's right for all of us. Lost in the point that we've done it. You're saying that this won't be that awesome, though, but it... You said it wasn't an awesome thing, but it wasn't. What is this all about? You want to deal with the previous generation of child support now? We've cashed a lot more than we thought. We're not even interested in some part of the society. Children can finally express it to me. It's one of the things you see.inaudible Over there, it's awesome.Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm going to call it for you to do something like this. By the Civil War, the Civil War, which is usually the Civil War, by the Civil War.inaudible But this, that, the path that follow and that attention, that the church must go on to go on to move on, on to this decision. In the church of Patents, he did not believe he said, And that's it for Sunday. Now we're going to be just going to be spent on Sunday. So trust is the result of living being is an astonishing out of the bottom of our living that we don't like living being. But trust with the facts. Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. You're sick. I cannot believe students can think of you. All of a sudden, I am in the trust that I cannot have in shape in my own new education of your better relationship with your students. I want to go back to the stage and go to the studio to see if we're going to be in a group or just on a... ...chance. Wow, we've got to explore another thing. Spy. I'm sure I've gotten it wrong. I'm sure I've gotten it wrong. I'm sure I've gotten it wrong. I'm sure I've gotten it wrong. I'm sure I've gotten it wrong. I'm sure I've gotten it wrong. I'm sure I've gotten it wrong. I'm sure I've gotten it wrong. I'm sure I've gotten it wrong. I'm sure I've gotten it wrong. I want to see the census toss and vote for, but I cannot do plus a sign. Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds You can't see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, I am going to do a little bit more, I am going to do a little bit more, I am going to do and always look at the house, these cars, of course, the sponsors are right here about the food, the same, well, foods. Food's all the same from cars. That's what I'm doing. So, what are you doing? I'm going to do it. to access the power of the future of the world, the power of the digital world of fire of the future of the world.inaudible in all of the sitch, but some of the food glitter left in the scepts of the house.pausepausepauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So, I'm going to do one more, and one more, and one more, and one more, and one more. The heart is going to be the same. Music Inaudible Remark Music Music (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Musicinaudible Music Music Inaudible Remark Hey, hey, hey.INAUDIBLE Let me start with one of the ones I just seen with them. Nothing like this. Oh, dry.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSICMUSIC MusicINAUDIBLE The little balance that's left of it. all the dollar is very serious, most of them. Yes, most of them have this. I am a professor at the University of Athens. So, where do you solve the first time that they do this? Yes, we are faculty of the University of Athens, and we are going to be able to do a lot of I don't want to say that these others, like that happening in the U.S. are selling, it seems to me that those solutions are in the future. I should say that you are going to do this up in the U.S. I'm going to come back to you in the morning. Do you know what a pilot would have been fighting for the good bad cop? And I'm just going to tell a piece of your life what happened to the bad cop. You should see a little bit more. You might be passed up to him. I understand. I was going to show him the bad cop. Inaudible Remark This is... This is... This is... This is... This is... This is... This is... This is... This is... This is... This is... Music Music Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Inaudible Remark So I'm going to be on these two. I'm going to be on these two. We are the Hatsons. We'll be there. I'm going to be here. I'll see you there. Bye.Music Background noise Background noise Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Music Music Music MusicMusic MusicMusic InaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in a foreign language) Inaudible Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, Inaudible Remark Silence (speaking in foreign language) We have to do the same city. Ah, thanks, sir. The next time you see me, you do that this morning. You know, the first time you see me, you do that this morning. You know, the first time you see me, you do that this morning. You know, the first time you see me, you do that this morning. You know, the first time you see me, you do that this morning. You know, the first time you see me, you do that this morning. You know, the first time you see me, you do that this morning. You know, the first time you see me, you do that this morning. So, first of all, I'm going to go to the bathroom. So, that would be an accident. So, I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to see the evening. I'm going to see the evening. I'm going to see the evening. I'm going to see the evening. I'm going to see the evening. I'm going to see the evening. I'm going to see the evening. Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark The power of science, the earth is attacking the field of burning operation, the walls are continued in the natural arts. Well, the world is running well with the heat. What's the power of the earth? The secret power of the earth? The secret power of the earth? The secret power of the earth? The secret power of the earth? The secret power of the earth? The secret power of the earth? The secret power of the earth? It's like something you can't do to be just over the bar. You don't need to follow the new computer, but I will. I have been trapped for more than five hours through here. What's the best thing that I've ever done?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remarkinaudible (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible I think that the stellar one could be even more fun, and we were able to see how things along had this personal environment is, we want to get a new perspective on how the person might feel for a lot of things, a lot of different things, it's a wonderful thing. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I don't think that there might be a crash, but I can't be bothered. I'm just thinking. What percentage of the age of age a lot of older kids face last night? I don't think it can be more personal.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't have any strategy, but I'm going to go on and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see what I can do, and see The last thing you're going to do is say, "Oh, feel the grace." "You won't share your decision." "Share your dreams, feel the truth." "Share your dreams, feel the truth." "Share your dreams, feel the truth." "Share your dreams, feel the truth." "Share your dreams, feel the truth." This is something so bad, whatever you do, you're going to come back on the tosses, there's just a spare company back there. One thing I'm going to do is take a bath. Ah, well, I'm going to have to go. I'm going to start first. I'm going to be on the side here. I'm going to start soon. Inaudible RemarkMUSIC I'll just say a little bit, I'll keep trying to be perfect with you. I'll find that you're really nice, you're not really trying to be perfect with it. Well, I don't see anything like this. I see it in the background, I'm really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, I'll just say a little bit, I'll see you in the next video. Inaudible Remark device and function. So, if we don't have Foxy, we did not have that in the past, but all human thoughts. We didn't have Foxy, we didn't have Foxy, we didn't have that in the past, we didn't have Foxy, we didn't have Foxy. I was at the start of the video.inaudible Inaudible Remark Hello, I'm Stuart Jones. I'm a big fan of students, I'm not. They're interested, but I'm paying for the band. We have a tennis piece in the garage. Oh, I'm doing my surfing. The most big thing takes a lot of money. But, uh, it's all about total loss. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC What you want to see, that means you might have to look at this three-year-old, and this power-assist, and you can't rely on that, then you want to rely on that, then you can't rely on that, then you can't rely on that, then you can't rely on that, then you can't So, I think one of the, oh, almost all of the colors. So, I think you should be able to explain that. I just want to say, my baby, I see really more of the colors than the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, the green, that I'm going to be able to explain.inaudible You're not gonna be in this shit. This is the last. Oh, God. We're gonna have to have a lot of time. Cheers for this fun. Oh, God, it's a dream that I've always loved. It's the last thing. Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music Music Inaudible Remark Shields up, down to the floor. We have high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high We've got high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, high top, This path is on time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time So, you might have seen me making a work at the board business. Yes, I know of your boss and also off of that so we're getting a part of it. You want to give us a round of welcome to the session in the class. What will be this side? The table? One of the chairs? One? Five? What if you don't think you can lie? I think you have no sense. I have nothing to hide. I'm so bothered with you guys. There's no conflict. I don't think so. If you're all in the mixing world, you're not around the set, this is too much healing, like you're chillin' with love. You better decide on my bottle and see me to a wire of water for longs and to be determined with everything in the first season. You sit to jump, then you're not going to let up the set. I'm going to start with the soft side wall. People are going to do the same. Have a look at the model. The shape, the lines, the other one is simple. Have a look at the other one. of sauce. It's going to be awesome. But you see... You You I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of work, I don't think it's a lot of workinaudibleinaudible It's all that shit. I need nothing in my own country.Music Music >> I was very forced to sign up for B1.2, because there's this policy to be a future. If you're learning that, that is very my last sponsor. Thank you very much. So, we'll never find a source of power to engage in the incredibly elastic and tight sets. This is our sets, you know. What do you know the power to engage in the future? What do you know the sense of power to engage in the future? What do you know the sense of power to engage in the future? What do you know the sense of power to engage in the future? What do you know the sense of power to engage in the future? What do you know the sense of power to engage in the future? What do you know the sense of power to engage in the future? What do you know the sense of power to engage in the future? What do you know the sense of power to engage in the future? What do you know the sense of power to engage in the future? Inaudible That's what I'm trying to do is back with you. What else do you see in subject percentage? That's all I have to ask is, why don't you all go out to the instance class? All in all, she must be talking. Why don't we prove that we're going to get a game here? Inaudible Remark of the world's best, or the most secure story. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's nearly, I can't be reasonable. Are we all up for it? We're far out of bounds. We're going to continue this. We're almost elected in the 90s every month. Count us. I'm thinking about a little bit of taking place, my view, my view, my view, all of these shade through a permanent fire in the gym, all of you are doing the final fire in my view of the gym and it takes a little bit of time. for the second lesson. If anyone is in this point, then you will last a month. You're at me, the liberal central adventure talk. 9-9, you give me all your money. You know how I love you. You have to talk a little bit. You have to think about it. Inaudible Remark This is the last big scene on 6th stop, and that's why we actually very much want to work this out. Can everybody have some fun? We still have a good position. What's on there? We're in a lot of fouls. I'm not quite ready to see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the next video, see you all in the (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)Music Inaudible Remark 5, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4,inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark So, the nursing bar from old grads lack up. Yes, we have. Turn it somewhere, take your favorite day to go to the gym. Either pass it right away, or you can't come to the gym.inaudible and the flower to be the only thing that this state is starting to close its due, and in turn, I'm like, "Well, you know, it was five people in purchases." I have friends, but in these panel, and ladies and gentlemen, I'm sure that every day is done every single day. So let me explore around the box. What do you just have to follow? Seems it includes your philosophy. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Sir, you are the sole, the only one who's sure of all time. Be one lap of all, that, that. Now I have to find a new partner, that I think will do something.MUSIC 100,000,000,000 press left, 350,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 and record three and forty days to one home. For the A&C. Okay. We're not going to be going to the bottom line. She's lost. Twenty-five. One hundred and one. Music >> This way. Music >> Turn down, the ball has a weapon, what is on it? >> It's on.Music I mean, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, if you're not going to do it, Music Music Inaudible Remark I'm not sure if I'm not really ready. more lectures than those conferences, why do you need to be strong if you're at the shell? Of course, you know, you need to be in the lab, I need to be in the lab, I need to be in the lab, I need to be in the lab, I need to be in the lab, I need to be in theinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Yes, and the last is our touch, too, because the last is it, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Happy is our new secret deck. What? You didn't even see me. (Music) Thank you.MUSIC Music Music Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE so just because that's the more romantic picture you're going to be. This technology sets something that you have to be able to take advantage of, and you can see it in the tip of your teeth. The lab is out of control with the best service. You cannot see it in the tip. I don't know if people are up to give them. You can give them all the money. I don't know if anybody is up to give them. I'm spending the time with you. Music Music Music Silence Silence Music Music Music Music Music This is our sort of problem. It's part of the team. It's like we're going to be in charge of the part of the team. It's the last thing we're going to do, you know. It's the sort of problem that we're going to do that is we're going to do it. We're going to be in charge of our thoughts. But this is just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, just here, So I'm going to show it. I'm going to go to the library. I'm going to go to the library. I'm going to go to the library. I'm going to go to the library. I'm going to go to the library. I'm going to go to the library. I'm going to go to the library. I'm going to go to the library. I'm going to go to the library. I'm going to go to the library. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC So, I think you might like to see that. You're a bit of a senior, I think. I think you might like to see that. I think you might like to see that. I think you might like to see that. For example, this happened this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year. I remember the song that happened in the mouth of the progress. The road went through the different parts of the line, and it ended up a lot better than the last one, but it didn't last a lot, and it ended up a lot better. In the past, it started actually with choosing. I remember the main part. Music Silence that will occur on facts, but once class 4 of the defeneration can be generated, they're on their server wall, and they're going to be there in the classroom, get the scene. Now, I'm so excited to see when we start with the following scenes. There's our class, so we're going to try and get it on. Inaudible Remark So once it's possible, I'm telling you what you're going to do, but you won't see nothing stop me. you you you you you Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) This is not going to shoot at the front of me now. Inaudible Remarkinaudible I don't think that I start from something that I don't think that I see. You know what I really do is you're doing the baking description. It's a sudden. I don't think it's a sudden demolition. I don't see what you're going to find sitting somewhere out. I don't think you need to be behind me. Well, you're going to see sitting here in my first dollars. I'll stand in my house. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thanks for your attention. I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to fall, I'mPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm just joking, I don't know. You know, I am in the video where that's our game in this. It's a lot of us in my building, so you have to be careful about the windows. This is where we need the best government. Here's the reason you have to take it off, but that's why it's in the middle of the modern fact. It's a lot of work. Music Inaudible Remark that's probably the same superfluous side, which is short, I didn't feel good at this, but that's it. I was doing that a lot, you know. You see, characterization, like your face, the huge jaw. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark But you did not see the curves on that scene. This is going to be a real pain. You know what I mean? So, right? Yes. I'm just going to be able to touch the curve. It's going to be a real pain. You know what I mean? So, right? Yes. I'm just going to be able to touch the curve. It's going to be a real pain. It's going to be a real pain. It's going to be a real pain. It's going to be a real pain. It's going to be a real pain. It's going to be a real pain. I love shopping for all of us. I love shopping for all of us. I love shopping for all of us. I love shopping for all of us. I love shopping for all of us. I love shopping for all of us. I love shopping for all of us. I love shopping for all of us. I love shopping for all of us. I love shopping for all of us. I love shopping for all of us. I love shopping for all of us. Inaudible Remark She is not a victim of that.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark I'm just going to go on, I'm going to see it soon. I'm going to go on, I'm going to see it soon. I'm going to go on, I'm going to go on, I'm going to see it soon. I'm going to go on, I'm going to go on, I'm going to go on, I'm going to see it soon. Inaudible Remark I don't want you to be in the middle of it all. It's a different situation. It's going to be a different situation. It's going to be a different situation. It's going to be a different situation. It's going to be a different situation. It's going to be a different situation. It's going to be a different situation. So, thanks for joining us, and I'll see you next time. you you you you you Silence and all that should not have a rather true self-being. It's a bit of a force to not do that. You see the thing we did also, you know, in the end, it can be this. What do you think it is? Well, it should be this. It should be the government. But it's the right and the right and the right. It should be this, and when you talk to a few of the first points, We accept you as the head for a final video, so see you next time. Good luck, Mr. Secretary. Good luck, Mr. Secretary. Good luck. See you next time. Good luck, Mr. Secretary. Good luck, Mr. Secretary. Inaudible We're going to follow the details of the pattern, let's see, we're going to see what we're doing with the panel, this is not a pattern, this is not a pattern, this is a pattern that we're not going to possibly do. We're going to have to make sure we're going to have three points. I don't think we can have two points. We're going to be following the set, kind of have a sister, what happened, we can do it. So, we will see you live via a perfect, trivial path. Build a ball, one has to be the lead cat, and all of the change paths, and then push it, and then turn it. Where is the lead? We said we wanted to put the person in the lower left out. So, we will see you live in the lower left out. Inaudible Remark I must say that it's not just a burden of this and it gives me some rest, but I'm not. You know, it gives you a lot of strength. There's a storm of shant at the point. The ball's in the end, those. That is the worst part of it. There's a storm of shant at the point. The ball's in the end, those. That is the worst part of it. There's a storm of shant at the point. Inaudible Remark In New Year, you can talk about that, but yes. There's a really good past in the entirety of people. It's really tiring to put that stuff in the background. Just see if you can tap on that similar part. Don't know how to say this, but you can keep on getting it, you know. Loftus. We were talking to you all the time. Bye. Music Music Inaudible Remark So, you have to go to the other side of the change, there's a bond between the glasshands and the times of the other system. So, by the order of what is red, so you have to ask the brand of the other person to go to the other side of the other side of the other. Then you can see me, they are sleeping, which she is searching for and can see her oxygen. Thank you. I'm not sure where he's at, he's flying fast. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Yes, I don't know. I have no other one person who's working in the ether lab that's deep. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) He probably wasn't even out of these things. He got a credit for it. He could be one of his senior, he could be his champion. I wasn't even going out with his clothes. I would be going to be his champion, and I could run just a bit. I was out there. You get a lot of things, please go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead If you want to accept it all, this is going to be tough and we decided we're not going to go to the end of it. I don't know how to mean to go to it. I have so many things to offer. I mean, you're going to be just kidding. You're not going to go to the end of it. It's time for the Fox to finish. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I don't think the case of 8.4, but a lot of oil is off. First off, return to the physical state. I want that same soft, and for another degree. I think that's something that I'm keeping in. Jax, you have Jax. Is an entirely new year beginning. On the one hour of the series, we turn up the box, and we'll take the video to show. One hour.Music If you know the dynamics, you will have a lot of problems as well, there is a problem and there is a lot of problems as well. That's what I'm talking about. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you. Uh-oh. If you don't know what this means, yeah, I don't know what it's meant, because I can say it clearly. That's it, that's it. That's it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'll see you again. Thank you. Thank you. I'll see you again. Thank you. Bye. Good job. See you again. Bye. See you again. Inaudible Remark That's why I'm going to live there in this. There are always syncs, and this is not. There are always syncs, and this is not. There are always syncs, and this is not. There are always syncs, and this is not. There are always syncs. I don't really know if you can see us, but I was thinking about another life, but I didn't think about it. My life, that's your time. I really do so. I think I'll have to teach you. I think I'll teach you. I think I'll teach you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (laughter) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Thank you very much. I don't know what that means, I'll talk to you. What's that? That's the primary thing. You can use all of these characters. You'll do this, you'll do this, I'll talk to you. I want the physics. I want the physics. I want the physics. I want the physics. I want the physics. I want the physics. I want the physics. I want the physics. I want the physics. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. How would we young jets say, "Valentines have a post-credit." And it's our ships, if you need them by your own people. It's not going to happen to anyone. In movies, I don't know how to go test. I'm going to start preparing certain things to battery. Yes. But young jets say, "So, the post-credit." Back up. I'll start a lot more seriously. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'll give you a little degree spirit before the major of this event. All of it. I'll just give you a little bit of this room and then you can come up with a little more. I'll give you a little bit of a lecture. Sorry. Well, I'm bothered. I'll put everyone just to buy a cloud, a level of cloud, but you need to find out a bit. You're supposed to be able to go up. You're not going to be able to do it. You're not going to be able to do it. You're not going to be able to do it. You're not going to be able to do it. You're not going to be able to do it. You're not going to be able to do it. You're not going to be able to do it. You're not going to be able to do it. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things, I'm going to do a lot of things As it ships, a stupid Chinese is shakily on the shelf of the rocks. But I'm the stupid Chinese. I'm the stupid Chinese. The idiots. Thank you. We all have this year in New York, but we don't have it. So I'm just going to start with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Music Silence (speaking in foreign language)laughter I'm sorry, but I have not changed my mind.laughter Okay, now for the moment, just a second. One.laughter Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) This is what I'm going to say. Thank you. We're never going to start a big battle, but we're back. We're back. We're going to start a big battle. We're going to start a big battle. We're going to start a big battle. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark What makes you want to be the best? Thank you. Not every city has been having a good time. It's good. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Not every city has been having a good time. It's good.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I pray that you get my heart saved. We are all at full gym stone without floor on the desk. I know I'm a black history, all of them are sorry for that, but you have to go there. So, if you are at the opportunity to go to the gym, you will have to go to the gym. to remove or follow up more in the V8 compounds. . . . . . . I don't think I know this game, but it's all too long for me to be here to hide all the votes. We'll stop at the 7th chapter, the 7th chapter, the 7th chapter, the 7th chapter, the So that's it for today's video, thank you very much for joining us today, and I'll see you in the next video. Thank you very much for joining us today, thank you very much. Thank you very much. System of the law. System of the security. So we can work for that. (laughing) (crying) InaudibleMusic I don't need to buy such a thing about the advice and the fact that I don't need to. If I really need to make a plan, it should be needed to say that I still have a thing to do with my mind. I'm going to buy a cord so I can just turn it in. I have all my suits. Just be on my back. Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You need to go over the dirt. Yup, you need to go over the dirt. Sure, but I find that working longer than 1000 feet. Don't be there in front of me, but I have to assist those found stations. Inaudible Remark I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. the other person to be right on the back of the list, and if you have an option, then you can log in to the back of the list, and don't call me constable, I'm sure you've got to be right. This, sir, can you come on the back of the list? And the work is ready. Ready? people should quit, oh it's a big shot. You have to do a great job. Well, well, what shall we do with all of this shit? You're blind and learn and have to play.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence So, I'm going to go to the next slide, I'm going to go to the next slide, I'm going toMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Exactly. Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Background Sounds Inaudible for a vision, yes, and it's seen, for a long time in the sources of flash, I believe I hold it in. If you say anything, you'll have a new situation. Sure moves there, for a vision, you'll have this missing, and so on, you know, that's it, but you know, for office, and for office, it's a piece of it. You're showing that how I hear. Ah, what is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? Yes. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. Yes.PausePausePause Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible That's terrible. Thank you. you you Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic That's what we're about to eat so quickly. That's what we might get out of the sector at all. If you can start eating positive energy, positive energy, get a chance at me. MusicMUSIC ♪ I'm never gonna die ♪ ♪ Don't let go, don't let go ♪ ♪ Don't let go, we need you ♪ ♪ Walk, find, find, and see what we're gonna do ♪ ♪ Walk, find, find, find, find, find ♪ And I'm so stupid, you know. Didn't you see the band figure out how to do this thing? What? I think they have a talk. It seems you know me saying, "Jet the Persia." Do you wash out when you walk into the shop? I've learned it. Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSICMUSICMusic I think there is an everywhere that's this way. Thank you, friends. All the way home, I'm just by home. I'm just by home. I'm just by home. I'm just by home. I'm just by home. I'm just by home. I'm just by home. I'm just by home. I'm just by home.MUSIC I'm going to set the box you want, so let's do it. That's it, here's a box. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Pause Very well. Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Let's see.Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much.Music SilenceMUSIC Music Silence Music Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Thank you, my young son, and I'm ready for the third school. Ah, yay! We were never anything real, thanks. Hope. This will be a game, and we're up. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds who ask, "Oh, just how many souls are there?" I just had a lot of luck and anybody very much said that's not what you said when you were wrong, but more so.inaudible Perhaps it's our day. What are we going to do? You can't do it. You stay in for a long time. You can freely go. Stay in the city. Ah! Music Music Music Silence Music Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (indistinct) Inaudible Well, no, that's not what I'm saying. Well, that's not what I'm saying. There's no one better than me. Well, that's not what I'm saying. So, why don't you do it? That's not what I'm saying. Just don't throw it at me. I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about. You're talking about this. Inaudible InaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause You're gonna follow me back with your sheet. You're gonna follow my face, shit. Once you've had the run, you've never been the practice. You can probably see it in the ceiling, but how you should end up doing it in the place. I think I must have before I thought I could finish the exam. Music Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds We started something connecting like a global model.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC Music Music MusicMusic Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We need to be able to choose a new assessment and we will have to implement it in the following terms. Let's start reading. No. I don't have a last thing. But how so? That's a good time. Thank you. Thank you. I don't have a last thing. I don't have a last thing. I don't have a last thing. I don't have a last thing. I don't have a last thing. I don't have a last thing. So I'm not going to pause. I'm not going to pause. I'm not going to pause. I'm not going to pause. I'm not going to pause. I'm not going to pause. I'm not going to pause. I'm not going to pause. I'm not going to pause. I'm not going to pause. I'm not going to pause. Oh, that's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. Yeah, I'm going to check it out with you today, all right, but I'm not going to let it send you anything tomorrow, but I'll still do this by all means, all right, I'll see you next time.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Is there anything else I'll be doing? and back when the game is going to end. No. People are going to be able to play this game. We're going to put it all in the evening. Let's go. So I'll see. We're going to put it all in the house. We're going to have to take it to the bedroom. That's it. Inaudible Remark This is not my opinion, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding me, you're kidding Silence Silence Inaudible RemarkMUSICMusic You're all watching a set, something better. I'm out of the book and I'm stuck in it. I'm a policy-based. I'm a state-of-the-art student. I'm a state-of-the-art student. I'm a state-of-the-art student. I'm a state-of-the-art student. I'm a state-of-the-art student. I'm a state-of-the-art student. I'm a state-of-the-art student. I'm a state-of-the-art student. I'm a state-of-the-art student. I'm a state-of-the-art student. I'm a state-of-the-art student. Inaudible RemarkMusic (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And if you want to talk to me, feel free to follow me on Instagram and Instagram. We can't let them drop the kids, so what do you mean by me? Let's just see what he's got. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You're the mother of the world. Stay with me. You're the mother of the world.inaudible We say, "No, I don't want it to be dull. I'm in good shape and in good shape, yeah." And if I go, "What is the last of two?" And if I go, "What is the first thing I'm going to do?" And if I go, "What is the fifth thing?" And if I go, "What is the fifth thing?" And if I go, "What is the fifth thing?" And if I go, "What is the fifth thing?" And if you start with the word, I'll tell you. But I'll find it. For four. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Inaudible Remark Silence MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to have to see you in the first part. Perfect. I'll start with you. I'm going to start with you. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm so happy to have you here, I'm soMUSICINAUDIBLEinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible She, her knee, her lower, her lower, she's not reaching any blackness. I'm not even going to laugh at all. She's not going to laugh at all.Birds chirpinginaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Oh, oh, she. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I'm going to show you a little bit of a way to go around the top of the box, you're going to see it. That's a little bit of a way. There's a certain type of a way to go around the top of the box. So, one is the sort of a bird. Yes. In the five times that we're going to be happy. You might want to do more. I can do it. What is it? Okay. So, let me start with another meeting. If you're going to run. Give me a set for now. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I was told that I could make a decision. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible I don't think they're laughing. Let's see. Let's see.inaudibleMusic So, I'm going to have a class, you have a study that I have made a class, you know I'm doing this. So, I'm going to have a class that's a ball in fact paper. For a movie, that's not up to the class. So, I'm going to have to give you a little more ball and you're going to have to give me a little more time. You should be able to learn more about this book about the plants. You are so long and sexist, so it seems a tentative film. Yes, yes, so long. Over to the end of the world, by that sexist, you take part in it, but now, what's here? You follow the path you need to go. Thank you. Now I'm going to do my chips. No, I'm not. I'm going to do the same. I'm going to fire a certain sort of mouth, a little bit of bullshit, a little bit of politics. But they are going to not show up with sex. You know it's better not to be. I'm not going to do it.Musicinaudible Music to introduce single to the gala of the life. A very new project, I'll be doing. Every hour, we'll check in on Saturdays to see the group. Better, more based. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your support. What happens is a maximum of two minutes. Each animal is able to do anything. Did you think that you can help back kids? That's what we call black and yellow to things, but it's in the heart of it. No, I don't think that you can do it. I'm better off not be hit by this. I'm sitting at the back. Yes, please. The rest of the back of all of us, the rest of us. Yes, please. I agree. We've got growth on the general seats. Yes, please. Thank you. If it's a tough task to get, you should have got to have a tough day. If it's a tough day, come on to be tough. Something you don't want to be tough. Something you don't want to be tough. Possibly something you don't want to be tough. But what was he doing? That solution? Did I have to say? Well, without one mind that was just going to hurt us, it's probably not something to do. It's a terrible thing. It's a terrible thing. It's a terrible thing. about the people of the United States. What's easy to read? I'll show you what the business is for the United States. I'll give you a shout out about the same, the everything. I'll give you a shout out about the same, the everything. I'll give you a shout out about the same, the everything. I'll give you a shout out about the same, the everything. I'll give you a shout out about the same, the everything. I'll give you a shout out about the same, the everything. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterLaughterinaudibleinaudible (indistinct) (indistinct) ♪ Don't you bother, bother, bother ♪ ♪ Don't you bother, bother, bother ♪ ♪ Don't you bother, bother, bother ♪ ♪ Don't you bother, bother, bother ♪ ♪ Don't you bother, bother, bother ♪MUSIC Music Background Sounds Why do I keep up with all the beaches? To go out of the North Sea, there's a little bit of sun in the asphalt. What? Hmm. What? I'm just going to take a few things for a walk. I'll leave you with a walk. Charlie?MUSIC MusicMUSIC This is the start, but this is the start.MUSICMUSIC Shit got you. Blacks and fangs out of my door. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. Music Inaudible RemarkMUSIC (indistinct) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible So, I'm going to press that button, so I'll keep doing it. I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll keep doing it, I'll So, I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so I'm going to press that button, so Iinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause Music Music Music Music Silence Musicinaudible I don't know what to say. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I have a two-inch mirror to go on that cloudy toilet. I have a spot for five. This way, the white means a hostage. You can do the whole thing to five. Now that you want a spot, then you'll escape, see, girl, and you walk, walk, hold, and never see nothing. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Silence Silence Music Music Music Music Music 5,000 watts of best luck. Now, let's go. MusicMUSIC A single one was singing through the way he got out of the front door just through my room. They didn't know what it looked like. They didn't know what it was singing. They didn't know what it was singing. They didn't know what it was singing. They didn't know what it was singing. They didn't know what it was singing. They didn't know what it was singing. They didn't know what it was singing. They didn't know what it was singing. They didn't know what it was singing. They didn't know what it was singing. They didn't know what it was singing. Just so you can see, think about what you need to see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, seesilence Now, shapes.silencesilencesilence Inaudible RemarkMUSIC You should have considered the list of all theinaudible Inaudible Remark so often enough. Yeah, you know, I'm not security, it's security, it's a problem, and it's a remedy, it's Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark If you're not in the field, it doesn't affect your heart, and if you can't know all things, you're going to get a kill when we have a new department now. We're not going to give you all the certainly exactly what's going to happen. We're going to give you the following. We're going to give you the documents. We're going to give you the same document. We're going to give you the document. We're going to give you the document. I've never been around that part much. I'm sorry, I need things awkward, I need things awkward, I need things awkward, I need I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm goinginaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSICMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music I hope you think about the coming part, well. Talk to me. I think we still need to talk, but we want that sort of conclusion. I hope that I hope people will cover for the re-election in the coming part of the session. What I want here, certainly, is to talk to fellow indeed. What you think of being a master. and the topic of e-tops, you need to send me all this, cause it might have been shared by our staff. We've got a favorite side of e-john top. You need to hold these small bits. I need to be the queen of life, so I'll send you to the bottom top. That's something you need to know.Music Inaudible Remark You want to call it to be very much more exciting and more interesting, interesting, interesting and exciting. Tell me what you think about it. You're not going to be chivalry anymore. You're going to have to be a fit to stay there by finding your agent and call a lot of your lovers. Background SoundsINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I hope you enjoyed this video.inaudible But, of course, that was 10 years ago. Hey, you got it. Yeah. You take it. If you're a woman, why not? What's up with my face all that? You need me to be in my body. I have to show you. There's no way that you can find something else. Just... Silence SilenceMUSIC Music So, this is the better option so that you know that you need to have that the bad part of it. So, this is the fault. For the team that you're going to be the answer, we never let that be. You're getting this problem. Inaudible Remark I'm sorry if you did, but we certainly will be satisfied with this, we just fell off because we necessarily added a little bit of the initial lesson. Ah. We certainly try first, but I apologize for that. Ah. Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Bye, she did. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) We're going to have to all of that in the past to be able to talk things over by all those leadership we need to speak. Also, for the needed partners, we need to be very busy because we don't want to talk about the needs of the needs of the environment, the needs of the leadership. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. I'm the person who did the wrong job. Background Sounds >> So, find it, get out of here. >> Thank you, people. Man. We'll gently invite the church over to the bar. Simple rule.MusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC (indistinct) In which one was the first to come into round four, but we were having a lot to feel about. What's the problem? About the issue of four percent. Talk to my family. Talk to my family. Maybe. I have to listen to you. Inaudible I'm just about to leave the murderous vote on it. You see, while I'm voting, I promise you, for the end, and if you don't, you see, you have to burn it back down. I'm just going to say this again, right? I'm going to be sure to see what I'm not going to do. I don't know if you're going to see how I'm going to do this. Inaudible Remark to go meet the support of the team.inaudible Well,inaudible Oh my, my return will be celebrate in Chamberlain or in the background or in the future.inaudible If you don't know something, it's changing for the rest of the set. So, I'll be right back.Music You're not sick, you just have to walk in with a dog. Where is your dog? Oh, is it together with you? And what about this dog? We do need to sit down. You are supposed to sit on the brothers' chair, they sit by the other door, and they're not allowed to. But, don't you see, in the last couple of years it has been possible to come to this, and to try and convince other people to do this. I'm going to help you find out the new sexual needs for me. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSICINAUDIBLE So, you should have told me how important it is to go out and keep on pushing. You're going to need to go out and keep on pushing. You're going to need to go out and keep on pushing. Yes, King. You heard that was a thing to say. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (indistinct) Inaudible Remark We're not the sisters, we're the sisters, we're just the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're not the sisters, we're we're the sisters, we're the sisters, we're the sisters, we're the sisters, we're the sisters, (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Yes, you're swimming with us.LAUGHTERINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Music Music Background SoundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusic Music >> Please help me. It's good to take it. Silence That stays just too long. This one won't. You don't have to worry about that. You see, it's not. You don't have to worry about that. You see, it's not. You see, it's not. You don't have to worry about that. You see, it's not. You see, it's not. You don't have to worry about that. You see, it's not. You see, it's not. You see, it's not.silencesilence Background noise Background noise This is probably not the security option, not the only option. This is probably not the only option, not the only option. Background noise Background noise Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic But if you want to see the 500th, the total of this 12 out of here is 63% of it. So because it takes it everywhere else. When you think about all of us in the action, we simply have to be able to use that app all of the work you do, and if you find out because it's a similar home to the home, then that's all I have to talk about. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark You see, that's all for it. I hope all are ready to start the weather straight up, Michael. I think everyone's about to plan and set the equipment for the festival. So I suggest we do all the same.Music Fine, you see those. There's so many folks who are working fine.Music Take a thought of your expressions for X.MUSIC Inaudible Remark >>INAUDIBLE So, first of all, if you have any questions, I would like to ask you a few questions. (indistinct) - Oh, you shouldn't have done that. I'll tell him you won.INAUDIBLE We have to learn this sound will not be catching.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much for your time.MUSIC Music Background noiseMusic Music MusicINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Music I'd say location of access. Inaudible Remark And I would like to say, let me see what this world is going to be. Let's see, let's see, let's see. Shall we go first? Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. I don't think I'm certain. You don't think so? Get this back from the world. Don't think we get it out of the sense of it. It's the wrong sense. I think it's a bit of a pain in my heart, but I don't trust it, but I really don't need strength. All of us should go. We're all good. We're not going to be missing it now. I don't know if she knows who I am. It has to happen. It's probably so much harder than it is. What do you need to do? Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Background noise Background noise Background noisePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) Well, that's it.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE We're just beginning to hear a chorus after a five-set album from Dallas High. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark on the big snap, you don't have to be terrible, all you expect are a big ship, you don't have to be arrested, you don't have to be a star, you don't have to be a level, you don't have to be a level, you don't have to be a level, you don't have to be a level, you don't have to be a level, you don't have to be a level, you don't have to be a level, you don't have to be a level, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause She's going to have things like this on her own, but there's a little bit of a way that This is interesting, but I'm not sure if it's an interesting sort. But, you know what I'm saying? I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with you, I work with youMusic Silence Silence Thank you very much. is the same as the other. By the way, it seems to be in the day where I took you so long before I heard this, it shouldn't have been there. It seems to be in the day where I got a ticket. It's a long pass, it seems to be in the afternoon. That day I was going for a message. Background noise Background noiseMusic So, John, say it in chorus.Music And this is it, it's similar, but she never said, "I need body shut, so I'm gonna be fine with that." And I thought, "Ah, since you're moving back to that, you've got to do it." And I got to do it, got to do it, got to do it, got to do it. So, I don't think she's gonna be fine with that. She's not gonna be okay with you, but I'm gonna be fine with that. I'm gonna be fine with that. I'm gonna be fine with that. I'll see you in the next video. I'm not going to ask you to go see that, you're not going to go see that. You're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see that, you're not going to go see I'm not going to ask you to go see that, I'm not going to ask you to go see that. and the side of the law are suffering. All is a crime. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. to be the service itself for the rest of the city of edition. How much are you proud to be doing? I'm saying it's more of some savings than that. There's not really a good amount of money. We're not doing a good amount of money. We're not doing a good amount of money. All of us are seeing on that. Inaudible Remark I'm going to go to the office to see if I can get that bitch. I'm not sure if I can get that bitch out of the sea. Now, when you're having a bad time, I'm not sure if I can get that bitch out of the sea. If she's a bitch, I'm not going to walk her. She's a bitch. She's a bitch. She's a bitch. She's a bitch. She's a bitch.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I think you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, you don't like it, youPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (singing in foreign language) That's it, so you know what I'm going to start with, and that's what I'm going to start with. What do you mean by that? Let's see. You can just let me. You know, you won't be able to decide what the song is about. I would be at home to help you, so that's how it comes to certain type of activities. You set out for your folks, services, the process, and the big presence of others. The simple moral of this system, we might be the first service to you in the summer. In a point that you've got to see for the next part, should you be doing it?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language)Music Pause >> You can't get out of the key. Pause >> Do you want to get out of the cell? >> Yes. >> Okay.MusicMusic I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Inaudible Remark I was person that saw me as a clown, she's been a doctor for a while. I was person that saw me as a clown, she's been a clown. I was person that saw me as a clown, she's been a clown.inaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm not going to say so, but I'm notinaudible and then there's stuff that we have to give you to do. So if you ask for an alternative, I'll be listening. We have a lot of data. So that's what we thought about. I have a number of tips that I spoke, and I'll be talking to all of the people in both sites. Inaudible I don't know if you're interested in how I'm going to see my books, my books, my books on the street. This is an anti-strict moral, I inspire population, I'd say, these are the perfect books. In the end, this was shown to be the first gesture of peace. But remember, all of them people have already expressed through their own intentions. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic I said to you, "You have nothing to say to this dude." I said to you, "I have nothing to say to this dude." I said to you, "I have nothing to say to this dude." I said to you, "I have nothing to say to this dude." I said to you, "I have nothing to say to this dude." I said to you, "I have nothing to say to this dude." I said to you, "I have nothing to say to this dude." I said to you, "I have nothing to say to this dude." I said to you, "I have nothing to say to this dude." I said to you, "I have nothing to say to this dude." I said to you, "I have nothing to say to this dude." But also, what's going on in the map is that you see the earlier it's going to be, by the way, 997 balls. Those are the two main bonus of this. If there are any other birthday cards, I'm big deal. Right? You want them?MusicINAUDIBLE InaudibleINAUDIBLE It might be impossible for someone to make it that way, but it's not like still can't happen to me, they didn't let me go. There are. What I'm going to tell you about it is I'm going to go. You have to go on your right to the right to the right then. Yeah. You have to go on your right. >> Jessica. >> My name is Arcai DeXie. >> I'm at all spots. >> You're going to learn to see the entire thing. That's my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my body, my You must share a book here that I've asked before, but I'll explain it because it is a problem for these people to keep your people in the process, just as you want them to be able to finish your books.INAUDIBLE We did the new things that were better than our cheap, not the less ones, but they were all on fire. Temptions. All I need is that they do something. Inaudible Remark Did you see where that talks about all the power? Right, right, right, right. The internet's running. Leaving without something. My message to you is that I'm not going to keep my mind showing it in the movie soon and you're done. I'm pretty sorry. see anything on carbs. Inaudible RemarkMUSICINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePause This is how it's shown in front of the back of the megawatts. Run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, run to your army, This is how it's shown in front of the megawatts. (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Music MusicMusic Music Background noise that would have been a disaster if it needed to be investigated. It would have been a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Sir, I'm going to give you a motion. is the most important thing to do is to let people know that the land that we've had on the top is some harshest impact. We've got a solution, there's no one to hurt the person that we've had, it's a response. But I might have started to go to the level of building six. Gentlemen, I want to know a lot about the faculty champion. My name is Ash. My name is Jesus. I've been going to have a lot of the last things. You made a sister? Yes. I'm the rest of it. So, I'm trying to be a faculty. Music Music Music Music Music Music Silence Silence (inaudible) I don't know if you're going to see anything, I don't know if you're going to see anything, I don't know if you're going to see anything, I don't know if you're going to see anything, I don't know if you're going to see anything, I don't know if you're going to see anything, I don't know if you're going to see anything, I don't know if you're going to see anything, So, I'm going to start with this, this is the start of one, where I'll say, "When you need me, is it going to be that? If you can see what I'm going to need to do, I'm not ready, I have two, three, four, five, six, so if I have two, three, four, five, six, four, five, six, four, five, six, four, five, six, four, five, six, four, five, six, That's it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Music Inaudible Remark Silence (speaking in foreign language) I don't want that off with it. That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Music Thank you very much. I'm going to see you in the next one. I'm going to see you in the next one. I'm going to see you in the next one. I'm going to see you in the next one. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPausePauseinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Silence Silence Inaudible RemarkPausePausePauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC Music >> Future looks spot. Music >> It's scary, it's not happening, it's not happening. So what I'm going to do is I'll go get you going on. Music What is in the chart? I don't think I'm going to stop this, especially some of the people I just started on the wall. I'll take you to something I don't think I'm going to stop so you don't think I'm going to stop. Maybe it just points to that time. I don't think I'm going to stop this. Maybe it's not. Maybe it's not. I don't think I'm going to stop this. I don't think I'm going to stop this. Inaudible Remark Music Background SoundsMusic This is very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, veryinaudible I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, and I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, but I'm going to do a blue sword again, Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I have one of those things I'm really familiar with, and I'm just looking at certain lots of things. But I've had a good idea. This was actually a huge success. I've made a mistake. It's one of my good people here. I've had a good idea. I've had a good idea. I've had a good idea. I've had a good idea. I've had a good idea. I've had a good idea. I've had a good idea. I've had a good idea. I don't know what I could do, sir, I know that you might have a need for that, too, don't. You know what I could do, sir, I know that you might have a need for that, too, don't. I know that you might have a need for that, too, don't. I know that you might have a need for that, too, don't. I know that you might have a need for that, too, don't. I know that you might have a need for that, too, don't. I know that you might have a need for that, too, don't. I know that you might have a need for that, too, don't. I know that you might have a need for that, too, don't. I know that you might have a need for that, too, don't. I know that you might have a need for that, too, don't. If you need a song, you'll need some of this. I have a song that I'm supposed to do that. These lyrics are going to be a syrup. I'll look it up and buy it up. I'll bring it up. I'll put it right on your heart. In the end, I'll be listening to you. Inaudible I'm going to say, I'm going to vote. I'm going to vote for all of that in the evening. I'm going to vote for all of us. I'm going to say vote for all of you in the evening. I'm going to say vote for all of you in the evening. I'm going to vote for all of you in the evening. But you will tell us all what he just had to find someone else. Perfect. You will tell us all too. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. You will tell us all what he had to find someone else. in the bottom side of the business. This is awesome.Music Inaudible Remark So, those are the departments that we work in, those sections, you know. So, that's all. Thank you very much. Thank you. Okay, did you do it too? Yeah. Let me see. Sure. That's all I'm going to do. Should I do it? Yes. Do you want me to do that? I'll just leave you with something. Yes. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. I want you to share that down to me as well, but I want you to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust me, to trust meMusic Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC ♪ Let me watch your girls like they ♪MUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible Remark I think this is our small, small box. We're going to show you the source. Please, your family's parents. So, the village is going to be our world. It's going to be a terrible thing. This is just a small, small, one million assaults. The story of a simple least of millions of assaults, and I think that by using it, the upper group seems to be going to be. But I don't think so. But as I put it, we need to learn the actions. Once this, you have no answer when I close. Thank you very very much. The attention to close off effect. You will have to be very fast.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEPausePause Inaudible Remark >> I lost a smile on that beef. >> She's still happy. >> Yes. >> Okay. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence >> Next. Silence >> I'm the one who has the last thing. I'm the one who has the last thing. Silence Well, I could have been very comfortable to have a walk.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible SilenceMusicMusic Silence Silence This is a little, how are you using it? Is it all over the village? How is it working out? Is it terrible to be part of the world? Is it all in small fields? It is all in small fields? How is it working out? Is it all in small fields?MusicINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Music Thank you very much for your time.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSICMUSIC Music Music Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds is for the loss in the system, and the matter is, the loss in the system. So, the loss in the system, the loss in the system, the loss in the system, the loss in the system, the loss in the system, the loss in the system, the loss in the system, the loss in the system,Music That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it Music Silence Silence So, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going Music Background Sounds (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Inaudible Remark So I think you can solve that problem. I don't know if it is. It's selfishly wrong. It's not. It's not a single truth. That's the end of it. I don't know if it is. I'm going to be very, very interested in what I'm going to do today. I think I'm going to be very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, I'm going to be very, very interested in what I'm going to do today, so I'm going to be very, (inaudible) (inaudible) >> Let's see what we can do.INAUDIBLE and you will not be passing out so slightly to it, see, wait. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm going to pass you. Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Music MusicMUSICMUSIC So, this is all that is on the board. So, this is all that is on the board. So, this is all that is on the board. So, this is all that is on the board. So, this is all that is on the board.Pause It's important. This is opportunity. I think it's interesting. It's a new question. It's about me, about me, about me, about me. I see what I see. I see what I see. I see what I see. I see what I see. Silence Silence (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) I'm shooting at the center of the building. You are constantly in my thoughts. I know that you like it. You like it, you like it. You like it, you like it. You like it, you like it. You like it, you like it. You like it. You like it. You like it. You like it. You like it. You like it. You like it. You like it. You like it. You like it. You like it. Thank you very much. I don't want to get stuck in the bed right? Stop. You're not going to stay here all day long. Try to get up there and sit. I just want you to know what it is. I don't want to get stuck in it. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I must have been really lucky that this dance decided that I would soon have a dog with a dog that's going to pick up a dog until 7th of February. You are not a dog, but a well-stressed and right person that I'm seeing. Now this is where you walk in front of you. Shhh, the first part of the corner of the building. No, we can't see. I'm going to have a little bit of a good chance. Shhh, it's a bit of a serious problem. It's not something to walk, we're all still together. We've had a sound as long as long as our feelings that start to spill shaking in this hot tube. We'll try to speak.Pause Change me.PausePausePausePausePause SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Music Music Please just go. Maybe this is a really good one. If you hold a lab checker out of the room, watch here. Okay. It should work. 17.4 to need it. Come on. Okay. Okay. Okay. Music Inaudible Remark If you're not mad, you won't say it. I don't like this video. You won't believe it's true. You will be mad if you can run into this video. Not this. I will remember this bad video. I don't make videos.MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Background SoundsMUSIC Inaudible I'm going to be happy when I see my past, you will be involved with that by my side. Chanting, you will see.MusicMusic you should probably be following your path. I'll let you solve it. I don't know what I mean. You can just be good there. Don't you believe it? Follow me again. I have a little value. I have a little value. It's going to be a path. You can go up those stairs. What's on it? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's going to be a very long distance. So, back. I think. I think. There this big guy has to be able to destroy and shoot him in the back of the... Well, I'm just shooting you. I'll take you to the back.MusicMUSIC Music Inaudible Remark So, I don't have any change in it, you'll call me like a king, you'll call me like a king. I don't know all these, all of the things, but all of them are going to be my sins. It's only that the other thing is to have the thing that will be my sins and sins. I don't learn the good things of their sins. I thought I'd try and have a sin. We certainly better not see. We're looking at our real name. You're simply talking. We're looking at some kind of mission. We're looking at our real name. We're looking at some kind of mission. We're looking at our real name. We're looking at our real name. We're looking at our real name. We're looking at our real name. Inaudible I'll be looking at this now so you can see we're running on information from one person I don't know if I have an historian or a few people. So, yeah, over, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, I think. They gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, you know, they gave me 12 months, The one thing you're supposed to bring is the ball, one of the key. What I thought was... This is good. The ball, there is an exercise that starts on the ball on the losses. The ball goes back to the center. The ball goes back to the center.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause We've got a lot of us, but we can't. I don't know if I've got my six permanent, that's all I want to write. Return the old six and one grass comes. If you belong, if you're going to get a good sleep, I don't know. Well, the other day's a good time. I don't know how to change the surroundings, but... Inaudible Remark That's pretty much how you're supposed to do it, but that's really good for our hearts. That's it. That's it. That's it. Silence Silence Inaudible (inaudible)MUSICMusic Background Sounds So you know what I mean, sorry, the rules are pretty fine, pretty fine, so you know, the study results are fine, and being on a daily basis, you know what I mean, yes, you're like that in the search, you're going to get a massive effect. Ah. What do you say to your friend, that's it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We've been ready, my heart will forget it this day, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's gone, she's goneinaudible Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMUSICMusicinaudible Inaudible Remark I am a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a player of blue, a playerinaudible Inaudible Remark So, I'm just going to say something. There's upstairs in the room. But again, we've been running into five minutes. We've been at the Red Cross, we've been running all the way to Gummy Shed, so we've been in the station. The whole thing's supposed to be wrong, but it's not a place to stay, it's not a place to stay, it's not a place to stay, it's not a place to stay, it's not a place to stay, it's not a place to stay, it's not a place to stay, it's not a place to stay, it's not a place to stay, Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Silence (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) I know that's the whole mind that chasing in our vision took up profits all with it. More food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food I know that's the whole mind that chasing in our vision Background Sounds Background Sounds (indistinct chatter) (inaudible) You could see backstabbing, but I'm still in a sexy boat. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music Background Sounds Background SoundsMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh, shit. (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudible I'm not supposed to protect these, I'm not going to do anything about the knowledge that she will, we have she-bearing, but not one of the people that said you don't have to let me. You don't have to let me. Fish. That's it. You see, you see, you take me down, you get it. That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's itinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to have to do this for the next two weeks. I can't stop thinking about what is going on. I can't stop thinking about what is going on. I can't stop thinking about what is going on. I can't stop thinking about what is going on. I can't stop thinking about what is going on. I can't stop thinking about what is going on. I can't stop thinking about what is going on. I can't stop thinking about what is going on. I can't stop thinking about what is going on. I can't stop thinking about what is going on. I can't stop thinking about what is going on. >> No, you can't say this way, Alex? >> No. >> He doesn't have that feeling. >> That's what he's asking for. >> First, we're going to present this in a moment. >> We're going to be going to see a moment, trying to get you to talk about it. >> We're going to be going through it. >> You said you were going to say this kind of thing, but we're going to want to talk about it. >> I thought I was going to have to answer.inaudible of the station more on this system. Back to the home and on the streets. Plus, having a bus to the home, it's more than that you need. This is the new back of the shop. We'll start by making some small shopperies at home. Background Sounds >> Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark I don't see you on any of the current limitations. There will be a lot of people who are wasting time if they're made this way. If they're made this way, it's bad. I don't know about it. But you know it's such an affection for them. I don't know if they're made this way. I don't know if they're made this way. I don't know if they're made this way. Music Music Music Music SilenceMUSIC Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. I want to give you a brief introduction. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Music MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) plus only the only thought he's actually going to be able to get. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Pause So we seek the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, the knowledge, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark >> There are a lot of debates about the value of time that I've been in Hungary supported and capable. and battery battery inside the battery they go to run, honey, water, energy, and import it workforce. They go to space on high-rated water supply, and they go back and they have a little bit of value. About infrastructure projects, we know a lot of industry change, we can't pay the example of a bit of that value I'm going to start with the main line that debates poll major, I'm going to see these two five very strong Chinese debates and it is set in both work, it's the work that's useful for these kind of projects and also yes debates for the re-bath, set in the debate board. about in more than 100 years, probably through the past. So yeah, in the future we'll see what two years will announce today. We have a lot of action for you and you, maybe the best. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We have a lot of experience with the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the industry, the Inaudible Remark I'm always searching for some part of you know, you are doing a new job to brush up your hair and your hair and your hair sets, and I was just wondering if that was not the assumption for you. If you're about to get your hair done, then you get the use of some kind of a new job. It's your personal experience or something. Inaudible Remark I think we've been doing this for years and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing a lot of research and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been doing this for years and we've been Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to start off from here over here. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Bye.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) We are trying to find the future of the future, but we still want to find the future of the future of the past. We are trying to find the future of the past, but we still want to find the future of the past. We are trying to find the future of the past, but we still want to find the future of the past. We are trying to find the future of the past, but we still want to find the future of the past. We are trying to find the future of the past. We are trying to find the future of the past. We are trying to find the future of the past. We are trying to find the future of the past. anyone who will be able to see the theory of life. It's time for me to show you this video. What I would like to see is that I found a video about the real time thing in the video because I have to do a lot in the video. So I'm going to show you now. We're on the left, so I'd like to meet you to see these guys, to meet you to see these guys. I think it's really close to the time. I think it's really close. All over the world, we're more or less at the same level as ever. We're seeing each other. We're all on the right. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Inaudible Remark I can't ignore that one. It will be OK. On the side of the island. This one will be OK. This is my third point. We should come and come to you. We should come and pass you to you. We will pass you to you. We will pass you to you.INAUDIBLE Silence Silence (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound)PausePause (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence SilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected