[00:00:00.42] USB Live Camera audio:	Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio Silence Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePause (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence in this tablet, why am I always putting the tablet? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm gonna come here. Good day. and you can go over and gel on it. What do you come up with? It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. It's up to you. for instance.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible One, two, three, four. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds And we'll recap. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no audiono audiono audiono audio Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Pause Pause (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) And then there should be all that says I mean that the bubble story is not true, no but what does that mean, does that mean that I am something of value that can offer the rest of the world? Because I am the dead new captain. You know, I should have, you can only have the rest of the weapon. First of all, this film. Oh, you can also do it. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. But now it has some cool trigger, and then all I can do is ask about it for me. It's exactly what it is like for the possible. It's the factory to create that place to be. be able to manipulate the indoctrinate brain or soil planet. I have to go out of the car, I have to go out of the car, I have to go out of the car. You have to release it, you have to go out of the car, you have to release it, you have to go out of the car, you have to release it. I have to put my mouse in the mouse room and this is also my mouse room and this is I'm forcing me to stay away from this. should be filled. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'll stick a script. I'll stick a script.MusicMusic I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit ofPausePausePauseinaudible The wind blows past me, the past of my face blows away minutes. It continues to feel wherever the wind continues to me. The wind blows past me, the past of my face blows away minutes.no speech detected Yeah, but it's more than that I know you imagine that they're stuck there, so you've mentioned it. but then it sort of talks back to you. You can imagine also there, but then it's not like if I take a stooosh. No, I'm gonna bump again. I guess it, no. If it did there, then you also feel it.inaudible like thing your to eat that you eminence stuff like that do you want to change the thing that I read? Next, longer before I start to really take effects, so maybe this is me, just see. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) We're going to try and get ready for the next one. I'm not doing a PDF, I'm not doing a look. (keyboard clicking) - This is all. - Oh, there's no need for that. Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence But... Background Sounds So, you can see the line is on the side. So, you can see the line is on the side. So, you can see the line is on the side. So, you can see the line is on the side. (speaking in foreign language) and then we're going to check the code. (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence