[00:00:53.61] USB Live Camera audio:	Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible to your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your own thoughts and your ownMUSICINAUDIBLE So, in the future, the only thing that is missing is the taffy of the magic of the devil.MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Okay, let's go on the scene. Just a two-year-old and a little bit of a two-year-old, just a two-year-old. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't think I can do that. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) was normally shipped out to the email pro, which is in there too, or pro-tops. It's on the KLD, do you know? You want to take the next so pro-tops, or you want to use this British break, this should be too break, and you make. So, the next so videos are more so pro-tops.INAUDIBLE (deep breathing) (deep breathing) (deep breathing) (deep breathing) (deep breathing) (deep breathing) (deep breathing) (deep breathing) (deep breathing) (deep breathing) This is a complete new... You You You You You You Somebody could come up with, so come up with it to the all truth against so that person can accuse everybody.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause and I'll call you soon to find a solution to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to come and I'll call you soon to There was the new descent. It's on the city. It's on the city. It's on the city. It's on the city. It's on the city. It's on the city. It's on the city. It's on the city. It's on the city. It's on the city. It's on the city. It's on the city. It's on the city. and then the rest of your journey will come to you, and you will realize that I am a coper. You will come to see the new life of your show of conduct, and you will see. I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it Thanks for watching. Subscribe to the channel. Thanks for watching. Subscribe to the channel. Thank you for watching. Subscribe to the channel. Subscribe to the channel. Subscribe to the channel.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected (laughs) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) Silence >> Let me very much dwell. SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible (clicking)no audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) so we can put it in by taking a bit of points. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll see you on the next game soon. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence So, we're going to start with the signal gain. So, we're going to start with the signal gain. So, we're going to start with the signal gain. So, we're going to start with the signal gain. So, we're going to start with the signal gain.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedMusicMusic Silence SilenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)CoughingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playingMusic playing (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence I'm going to get your stuff to you all morning. I'm going to fuck off. Call and get your stuff to you all morning. I'm going to get your stuff to you all morning. So, I am going to do the same. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) will see it.Musicsilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceclickclickclickclickclick Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Okay, two. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorrysilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause PauseSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (scraping) (scraping) - Come on. (scraping) (scraping) (scraping) (scraping)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking) (dog barking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) and you can't know the bar. Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio So I'm going to check on this, there's like an 80 plus something from the TLS. So I'm going to check on this, I'm going to check on this, I'm going to check on this. Maybe it's less. I'm not sure if it's less. I'm not sure if it's less. I'm not sure if it's less. Dispensating. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (paper rustling)silence I'm going to wash the result you can on the above. If you should, let's see.silencesilence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on. I'm going to turn it on.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceno audiono audio (keyboard clicking) Okay. Thank you for your time.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silence Pause Pause I'm not saying. I'm not saying. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSighsSighsinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And I'm going to take a look at this. (sniffing) for a minute, just a minute, just a minute. I'll be sussing that way.silence It's a thousand high ender cuts.silencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilence >> Can I say, that one you see, actually?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE >> See the little no brain.MUSIC I can stay away from my identity, you're not gonna steal my identity again at all. What? It's disgusting! I'm a cleaf. Shit, I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. Well, it's next you're going to be the pit of file again, just because I think that's revolting.no audiono audio Silence SilenceCLICK No, no. No, go away, go away, go away, please, never have anything to say go away. I'm running behind you, I just don't go away.silencesilencesilence (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (bell ringing) (bell ringing) (bell ringing) (bell ringing) (bell ringing) (bell ringing) (bell ringing) (bell ringing) (bell ringing) Silence Silence