[00:03:07.54] OneOdio FM1:	Thank you. Silence Inaudible Remark What we're seeing is the best idea we've ever seen. We're seeing the best idea we've ever seen. So, I'll see you in a bit later, and again, I'm not going to have to restart the object for the phone. Can I kill the best? Can I just ask to remove your things? Yeah, I'm not far from it. Yeah, I just want to burn it in my sword. Maybe I'm not going to do that.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, but I'm just gonna have to do it. I'm just gonna have to do it. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (camera clicks) I'll see you in the next video. Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not saying I'm not going to be able to do it. and then I will show you the section of the door. The door to the door to the door to the left. I will press the button and you will see. Press the exit door to the door to the cost of the door. Press the door to the cost of the door. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Is it a $20? I don't know. I don't think it's the last one. Is it a $20? I don't think it's the last one. I don't think it's the last one.inaudibleinaudible Background Sounds I'm going to add some water. for example here, we will then all work on this, you know.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should do this, we should So, you know what I mean? So, what do you mean? YouPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm not familiar with this, I'm I'm going to make a new one, I'm going to put it on the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible It's so interesting.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedINAUDIBLE I'm going to go to the community and set your account in the same way, and I'm having a lot of fun with you. I'm going to take some.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I hate now that I'm still going to show you how I hold you, that's it, I'm not going to let you down, I'm not going to let you down, I'm not going to let you down, I'm not going to let you down, I'm not going to let you down, I'm not going to let you down, I'm not goingsilence Okay, okay, let's do it.silence Background Sounds Background Soundsno audiono audio I'm going to draw a discrecity where I'm going to start a little bit stronger, I'm going to start moving this and I'm going to be able to do it a little bit longer than I'm going to do it a little bit longer than I'm going to do it a little bit longer than I'm going Thank you very much. I'm going to be doing what I see here to report to you. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. I'm going to start with the next one. Pause >> Speaking in foreign language >> Speaking in foreign language I don't know if you could tell me how to do that. I don't know if you could tell me how to do that. I don't know if you could tell me how to do that. I don't know if you could tell me how to do that. I don't know if you could tell me how to do that. I don't know if you could tell me how to do that. I don't know if you could tell me how to do that. I don't know if you could tell me how to do that. I don't know if you could tell me how to do that. I don't know if you could tell me how to do that. I don't know if you could tell me how to do that. So, we're going to make a pretty simple thing. We're going to cut it right on the right hand side. and set it to the other side. (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) All right, let's sit up to upstairs, let's sit up to upstairs, let's sit up to upstairs.inaudible >> Yeah, the last thing that today's okay, not to be boring, but for the next community.inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence I don't know if it's actually telling you that could all be, but if it's not, what could it all be? I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it I don't know if I should. I don't know if I'm going to jump in here. But still, I don't know if I should. But I lost a lot of income.Silence I like the wall, I should cut it.Silence Perni. I'll go off and stick the seat to the seat, but look at the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, the cushion, I think it will be a little more complicated, I think it will be a little more complicated. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. SilenceMusic Good thing I also said to the person in the room that's actually notMusic But I also wanted to get out of the room, so I didn't care I must have... I certainly wanted to move for 18 minutes. I'll dedicate a lot of time, so sorry I couldn't get a problem on the press. We're talking to the students out there on the left. Perfectly blocked all of these, so. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence SilencePausePauseSilence And, maybe.SilenceSilence The next one is "Wedding for a moment." Come on, let's go. Cool, that's cool. I love you so much.no audiono audio Silence >> Speaking in foreign language I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't even look at it, I can't (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE Silence Silence Silence Silence Yes, you will feel a little bit of pressure. Just to let you know that. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) >> Yeah, today the video's not fun, and then come back to the office. So, you know, we're going to need some help. >> We have a company to do that a bit. >> We have a company to do that. Very pretty cut. Silence Inaudible Remarksilencesilenceinaudiblesilence Silence SilenceMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yeah, I'm safe now, yeah, I'm going to go to the other side of the room and then I'll go to the other side of the room and then I'll go to the other side. I'll show you what I'm doing. Thank you for watching. Let's see if we can remove any of this, and that's all I have to say about it. Thank you for watching. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to use FIMOS settings. This allows you to have content playing with FIMOS. But you don't need to do that. You have to click on site. You don't need to click on FIMOS settings. You don't need to click on FIMOS settings. You don't need to click on FIMOS settings. You don't need to click on FIMOS settings. You don't need to click on FIMOS settings. You don't need to click on FIMOS settings. You don't need to click on FIMOS settings. I'm going to take it to you. can this go inside the door to the room? I should have to come down to the room to get in the room. (mumbles) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Okay, I'm coming soon. to move it down the bridge. The normal shift. (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs)silenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause But greener TV around us may not support the content of the news. The black contacts and things that can do on our newsroom. Of course, not designed to be read. We will ask the director of the newsroom to run a couple of podcasts on that. (speaking in foreign language) We have our skip, we'll be at the level 2 bottom and then take to restart the level 2.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't know how to do that, but I don't know how to do that here. I'll try to do that now. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Silence Hello.silencesilencesilence I don't know if you can see it, but I'm not sure if you can see it.inaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilence but can't be allowed to call a kid yet, and I was asked in the end, what work is yours? What do I do? I don't know much, but I can't. I don't know much, but I can't be allowed to see that. I don't know much, but I can't be allowed to see that. I don't know much, but I can't be allowed to see that. I don't know much, but I can't be allowed to see that. I don't know much, but I can't be allowed to see that. I don't know much, but I can't be allowed to see that. I don't know much, but I can't be allowed to see that. I don't know much, but I can't be allowed to see that. I don't know much, but I can't be allowed to see that. (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (coughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Scamplac on the right hand side. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, over the next.no speech detectedsilencesilencePausePausePause Silenceinaudible >> We have a few questions. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, and I'm going to put it in the middleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLE that you don't know, but in Italy, there was a... For Ganges and Tories. That's not over, but it seems like there's going to be a twist. You want to mix well? Well, this is what does it do in the end? It is being used to say, and when we have to say, we're going to have to do it the best. I can still tell to get my mom to talk to me for eight years so I don't know anything. I didn't know any of you would see my mom. Mom. You know, you should go and call my dad when I come. No, I don't. There is no presence in there. You need to see... We do not have a task in my feed or feed, not have a task in my feed or feed, not a lot of shoes. We do not have a task in my feed or feed, not a lot of shoes. We do not have a task in my feed or feed or feed, not a lot of shoes. Test that, and we'll see. Test that, and we'll see. Test that, and we'll see. I'll be meeting with you in the event of the event of the event of the event of the event to be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. To be a medagant. Oh, that's your baby. I love you, baby.Music Silence Silence (knocking on door) Silence Silence I'm not sure if I'm going to go on up or not, but I'll check out the other one. It's a little hard to go through, so I'm going to copy it to the top of the e-turn. I'm going to close it down to the video in other acts. I think it's a technique I'm going to do. I don't know if you can think about it, but I don't know if you can think about it or not, but if you can think about it, I don't know if you can think about it or not, but if you can think about it or not, I don't know if you can think about it or not, but if you can think about it or not, I don't know if you can think about it or not, but if you can think about it or not, I don't know if you can think about it or not, but if you can think about it or not, I don't know if you can think about it or not, but if you can think about it or not, I don't know if you can think about it or not, but if you can think about it or not, I don't know if you can think about it or not, but if you can think about it or not, I don't know if you can think about it or not, but if you can think about it or not, I don exactly like in the course and it's I here, you know, that there is others from higher from the rhetoric, from the lower, higher, rational, higher-up system, they are not, it's and I'll let you guys... X, X will need to double it, so I'll call that to not go to the line itself once. The line is starting in one new result, both man's on the video. 10 more rounds of Viltavak, Vultz, Natahim and Degreesite assets Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) marked and all the way from the very good colors. I have a lot of stuff to do with my computer, so I don't have to worry about it. I have to do a lot of stuff to do with my computer, so I don't have to worry about it. I have to do a lot of stuff to do with my computer, so I don't have to worry about it. and all the other cells, three or eight or so, that to be a light cell. But I'm young, I'm a little bit of a comscient. So, the machine will say, you know, "Forbidry ain't need a well." Come in, laugh it out, you, you're a great guy. (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause My own looks next to it. I'm done. you I'm done. Well, I'll ask myself, again, I'm going to support this. I'm going to turn it back on the other side of the box. I'm going to turn it back on the other side of the box. I'm much happier than the bad sound in the incoming command command, okay, and there's some dreadling dirty bass out of the meaning of the new enceering and oppositions. So, my eyes are the corners, I don't know if they are going to happen. Where I'm like that, I'm terrible, I'm terrible. So, I see myself in the middle of the water. I'm terrible. I'm terrible, I'm terrible. I'm terrible. (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) >> Yes, we saw that AI don't come, people didn't die now all of our bands are shurled in the back to move with these other events. I'm not sure if I'm dying to do it, I'm not sure if I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it, I'm dying to do it under the magical tina, force it will not take much time, not near any meter, that's here, here you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, you will be able to see it, it will not take much time, it will not take much time, it will not take much time, not near any meter, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry need just a cut, so here we have a little bit of shell sanctity. I thought I was going to be there, and then I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then I thought I was going to be there, and then Isilence Sobs.silence Okay, I was there for some of it, you know, I still see the Netherlands, where the boys are in New York and they're all co-exhausted, and very good thing in the Netherlands. We can see it in the Netherlands. Okay, welcome, Mozae, well, intercom also in the video that can also end on the link in the I'm going to go on to play a lot of my games. Silence SilencePause or circle on the left, and here's a nice note, even though I had some main things and my wishes and most of the contacts are totally awesome.silence Silence Silence (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) If you have to stop the gate part, is your restaurant really going to be on the kind of auto, or the less the gate is to you, or if you're only going to be able to stop the gate. Pause Pause Pause Inaudible Remark She doesn't know you. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I'll show you another video in a couple of years. Thank you very much. I don't know, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not in the house, I'm not ininaudible (sighs) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence We have to stay single, we need to be precise after lunch, we have to drive our seats. We are not supposed to be on the shield of the shield, we are not supposed to be on the shield of the shield of the shield. We are not supposed to be on the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield We are not supposed to be on the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield Well. But the voice, baby, it's welcome, I'm going to stew here. I'm going to do a new reactor. I'm going to do a new steam being on the end of the bombing. Well, there's some facilities. I'm going to all of this in the air.XBOX SOUND Let me show you the stickers. Look at it. You have to cut them to explore to us. Only you have to name it. We have to cut them to us, and we move up to them and we go again and do it. I don't know if I'm not gonna know who you are, I don't know who you are. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I send all the attention, so I will see you in the next video. Thanks for watching. Background noise >> Yeah, I know it's not going to be a season to play in the club with this. I'm going to be standing here and you know. I'm sure this works okay so I'll put it on the new one, so I can take a look at the I'm on the fly rock, and I ain't sure what to do. So, it was just once you're done with the whole thing, and we'll see you in the next one. We're going to make sure you're on the count it. This is where I'm... Listen, short short, this is the video of the original soundtrack that I'm going to record. I'm going to be on the next talk talk. I'll leave the table now and then just show us the game also after we're going to do a good push, and then it's all up to me now we know how to get a musk and we'll do a new build base. Well, as you might want to hear me, I know that's it. You know, Jason was about to win, and I'm going to send you all the messages that you're having on your Christmas. Don't build a implication on the one-time stopper if you select one. You need to use three-ball mask of blue gates, and you'll have to go down a little here, taking everything on me to the loop. Silence Well, I'll clear this thing up.silenceinaudiblesilence I love it so much, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we have met, we Silence So, I'm going to go to the other side. So, I'm going to go to the other side. So, I'm going to go to the other side. So, I'm going to go to the other side. So, I'm going to go to the other side. So, I'm going to go to the other side. This is the same as the one in the text library, which is why you let's say, I don't have And I'm going to go to the top of the code, I'm going to make nice, well-belled, I mean, Thank you very much. So, I kept my hands and I was able to hold them on my way to work, and that was a mess. I turned it over. I'm back here not up, so... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Inaudible Remark Background noise >> Okay, that was out there. I'm not seeing you, you're not seeing anything, you're not going to be seeing it. We all have an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an hour and an I'm not seeing anything, you're not seeing anything, you're not seeing anything, you're not seeing anything.inaudible And I'll see what we've done in the last one, but all of them are set to need a date. I'll see what they need. I'm sure we'll start to put this in, and nice it's not going to do that stuff special. I'd like to say a note of echoed outshaking, I'd like to say a note of echoed outshaking. I'd like to say a note of echoed outshaking, I'd like to say a note of echoed outshaking. you I'd like to say a note of echoed outshaking. I was a man no it's shut, and it's not all the time that you got very cold season. I don't know what looks as warm in the afternoon today. I don't know if you're going to say anything to the world. (sighs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) And that's how I got to... ...reunance. I don't have a clue where... ...what's here. I don't have a clue where... We intend to set the length of the hex and the bottom base with only a little silver head, and also the more we can't do the longer we look less to the top half of the hex. and then there's a bit of, just already, and time always.silencesilence I can edit this back to the A and A button. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. I can edit it. (light music) (light music) (light music) (light music)BellBellno audiono audio Silence Silence >> We should have done that. and some of the not too good, you know what I mean? I'm not really on the edge of your mind, because I'm not really on the edge of your mind. I'm not really on the edge of your mind. Okay, now it's time for the week. So that's the last person of the lot of you on the screen. I don't know, I don't think I'm else. It's something you look on arc or key. So if you're working in a stamp, it's on your key. Third look, though. Third look, though. Yes, that's right. If you think about what you're going to do, or what you're going to think about that day, And then you are not ready to do anything and then you think that they will stay here, and then you think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here and think that they will stay here And then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you think that they will stay here and then you I don't think it's going to work, because I think it's going to work. I think it's going to work, because it's going to work. Thank you.Music Yeah, or fake, or false. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Silence Silence So I think as you guys are used to say all the ones that you would say to think of what everybody needs. So I think as you guys are used to say all the ones that you would say to think of what everybody needs. Okay, we want to fix some of the else that's talking about what the key actually wants to be first of it in conversation, and because you are evil people, you are malicious and so if you bring that up again, then people won't. Get down here and not. We'll talk about top big belts against you because you're forcing them to do it for us. So why don't you just try to be nice first?silence Yes, let me see. Thank you very much. I guess the rest of time might be a little too tight on the plane. Yes, it's all fine, the same book is lying and manipulating. I'm manipulating. Why do you think I would not want to have a national conversation because I clearly hear who it is. Silence Silence You took your battery and I have been on it for seven hours, after nearly seven years. You are, I just say something on your own voice. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you very much. So I'll send them to you soon. Go right there, please. Go check me two years until you're a conversation blind. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. That's a couple of flashcards, it's us, anything to understand. I want to start. You I'm going to start. So to get people all of this observations. Yeah, but if there is complete silence, you can also use it up to you. many people hear things from the outside, well not through to that thing. I do not wish you that I would come. I do not wish you that I would come.INAUDIBLE What do you want me to bring, COVID-19 to my wish?sighs Just have been... ...nation-sought. I'm so much wishes and feelings. I'll need to fill in this in 70. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Not the noise cancellation. I don't have two points, I don't have two points. because noise is subsalant, this vibration will just see it into the inner field of mind that's getting it. If you say, "I don't know what it's going to say, I mean, I'm going to use this noise, it's not going to make any sense to do it." Make sure that it's in the same position when you're going out. Silence Thank you for sending this company to the viewers and we'll just see you in the next video. Have a nice day. People need to start to have a craving of going to be a talk, but I don't know if it's going to be a talk, but I don't know if it's going to be a talk, but I don't know if it's going Is that because you create a tension because you feel alone, perhaps no, is there actually something else?silence Silence I'm going to say that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball, that's the ball So, we're going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to And you also work to get the talking, talking, talking about things for not using the sounds to use, so it's me talking to myself and why I'm not having to worry too much to think you will be able to influence my talking to myself. I'm going to talk to you in the next video, I'm going to talk to you in the next video, I'm going to talk to you in the next video, I'm going to talk to you in the next video, I'm going to talk to you in the next video, I'm going to talk to you in the next video, I'm going to talk to you in the next video, I'm going to talk to you in the next video, So again, those questions say we've been saying the most repression all the time, we say. I don't want to talk without using my open cores because I'm afraid because you'd still be writing that I'm afraid of being manipulated in that way. All this while I used to refer to as a obnoxious thing, I wrote wires and other new volume pain in the voice. You've done a long story. to have more voices and no more ways. Most of the time you used to be really not well, but I'm not saying anything. So I can do the same. just as it's you see. you see. you just as it's you see. just as it's you see. just as it's you see. just as it's you see. just as it's you see. just as it's you see. Pause >> It is ambitious. Pause So if you want me to start to think we're starting to accept us something which is not safe, it's safe. I mean, it doesn't say anything wrong. All right. from you. Music Who did you else's question? I just had an inkling that you might be asking this question so I would say something about that one thing. I would say something about one thing so I would say something about the question first. Maybe I'll have to make a quick check out what I'm talking about. Is that clear? Trying to make a sense. so don't you need any other on the other side. I don't have to do that for content and stress. Like again, voice is like a little... ...out of the table or in the talk of the phone. Now I'll just run away from there. Okay, now I want to stop talking so I have a nice ring.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence If you don't like me, consider doing what I was cautioned about in the sub-election line. I said, "That's coming from me." I was so much pressure. and then as I'm using it. Thank you for watching. So, I don't think she'll know I'm gonna show respect.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence We do know that the most racist, the obvious, is not just the same, but it's the same So, you're always young, which comes in two worlds for you as obvious, which if he wants, not just in this conversation in any parts, this boss or a second thinkin' about what he's going to say. So, we can see that there's an overall show of it possible. But you're sort of pushing yourself not to even see dying, so that everything is obvious. Like everything has to be binary, if the bloatiness sets and the only thing that's for me is the obvious. But the other possibilities I won't be closer to. because it's only this. That's the conversation. Hmm. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We can reach out to our brothers and sisters and sisters in our midst. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silenceinaudiblesilence to get on the charge to be in the air. So now I'll save it. I'm going to save it. I'm going to save it. I'm going to save it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detected I'll pass that you're all fucking angry about it too.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm not going to let you sit down just for a second, but I'm not going to let you sit down just for a minute, just for a few. Oh, I'm not going to sit down just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute, just for a minute Oh, I'm not going to sit down just for a minute. Thank you. I mean it hurts something, it is a sort of, I know I have a choice but to be the, it's a sort of, because you are the user, it's a stopper. You can do the name. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. All right, let's get it in here. So this one comes on too, and so on this. I'm destroying everything. Many people know you lost one or all, you just think. So there's nothing else I can do. I'll keep on doing the same thing, I'll do the least, I'll watch for you soon, bye. I could start to say a little bit of that, but no, I'm not gonna say it. I'm just gonna be the next thing you know. So you don't have to create, you should think. But I'm gonna do that soon. Silencesilenceno audio