[00:00:00.01] USB Live Camera audio:	Hello, it's now April 23rd, Tuesday. It's November 22nd, you and Brussels, you're up. This is an all-starred recording speech exhibition and I'm out of session. Between life and that's... (keyboard clicking)no audio Silence Silence And you see the difference, and do not bother with someone to sound preferable. Do you think we're in the same shape or even more in the opposite? Do you know what I'm talking about?silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Thank you.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE being recorded. I mean, well, I think it's a little bit more recording. So that's the voices that have to also become a little bit more powerful, that would be huge. If you are changing the specific mission according to your Wendels, you are not sure that the link is in the description. Let's do this. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.no audiono audio You know what I want, you know what I need and it's the same. I know that you don't want to give what I need to me and you know that that means the same. Yes, me having to die soon, it's a little bit, but whether you want to claim responsibility in your part, in the fall of there, or not, you can debate later after I'm dead. Now you might want to debate this as well once. So, you might want to debate this as well. Thank you very much. Silence So, why don't you give me a first, say it in one, okay? I'll put that sandwich in my next. I'll put that sandwich in my next sandwich. I'll put that sandwich in my next sandwich. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencespeaking in foreign languagesilenceClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking I think I'm going to die. But the most important thing is that I die. I'm going to die in six minutes. I'm going to die in a couple of minutes. I'm going to die in six minutes.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clacking) - Go ahead and do this. (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking) (keyboard clacking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silencesilence Oh!typing (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't know how to say it, but I have to say that I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, I have to say it, (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilencesniffingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencecoughingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePause I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCOUGH Also can you see the position? It's out there so... It's out there so... It's out there so... It's out there so... Silence Silence (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected This was a loop on the universe. It should show you the loop in the universe. Otherwise I didn't have to do a plot, I didn't have to end just, left it to the loop in. Everything, it showed it to the universe. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusic (click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click) We're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room in there, we're going to leave the room to look up up north, north, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, west, westno speech detectedno speech detected I'm gonna have to leave him a little bit more to talk to him about the name of the character.laughslaughssnaps fingerssnaps fingerssnaps fingerssnaps fingers (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible I don't think it's easy, I can beat him. So, I'll take the only pitch. Tell me in the maps, is I really have a good image of the map. I'm going to talk to you in the next part of the video. I'm going to talk to you in the next part of the video. I'm going to talk to you in the next part of the video. I'm going to talk to you in the next part of the video. I'm going to talk to you in the next part of the video. I'm going to talk to you in the next part of the video. I'm going to talk to you in the next part of the video. I'm going to talk to you in the next part of the video. I'm going to talk to you in the next part of the video. I'm going to talk to you in the next part of the video. I'm going to talk to you in the next part of the video.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clippers buzzing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic Silence Inaudible Remark Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Background noise I'm going to put that position in the corner. I'm not so good at the angle, but I need to do a little bit of the position just in the area. I'm just going to put that position in the corner. I was looking for a new one, and I was looking for a new one, and I was looking for a new one, I think it's on the bottom of a split brick. I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think it's a P, I think I don't know how to do it, but I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Please. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Have you had enough? No. We're not actually listening. So I'm still watching this.MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* *laughs* to be in the process. I'll just leave it to you when I pick it up. No, that's not going to happen if it's actually going to happen. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Fix, it can be a lot of cool thing in there. Fix. I think it's a bit sweet, but it's a bit of a deal to me. Let's go to the screen. I'll show you. I'm sure we don't have a record. We'll have two hours to go. We'll have two hours to go. I don't know what that is, but I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I don't think it's going to work because the color is light. I don't know if it's going to work. The audio for the black paint. I don't think it's going to work. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom and get some rest. Silence Silencesilence Hello, I'm a mistake, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,speaking in foreign languageinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Alright, see you door. Mike, you're all the dogmen? Yeah, I hope you're all new at the top level. But what was the latest in planet macinture, must have found what is on it? I can't believe I'm here to do it. (buzzer) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) And as I said, it's a new one, that's in one key, a whole new one, and it's a live one, because it's a two-year-old person, and I don't know if it's a new one, or if it's a new one, or if it's a new one, or if it's a new one, or if it's a new one, or if it's a new one, or if it's a new one,INAUDIBLE I'm going to put this on top of the other side of the head. Good. Okay. Okay. Thank you. You Thank you. Silence Inaudible Remark This is the 8th episode of the 6th episode. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thank you. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) - The end-longer version. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence So, I'm just going to skip this one, it's a cave, it's a boat and a cave, it's an expression meaning there were down in the middle of that cave and it was several different definitions. it goes from the worst one is like arguing but interestingly enough it also means to start to commence your hair is kind of itchy but then it also goes to "Ode to find" which means "about a sailing mate" "You'll be able to do to find a few more ships" Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. But it's just an argument, there's also, could be just talking about it.MusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) And it's also first in my top two, but case, games are same, same, same, same, same, (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) And in saying "article nerds", you can say "article nerds" and "article nerds". 1999, 1999, 1899, 1899, 1899, 1899, 1899, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) just the d-n-a-s back, but to a d-n-a-s cronies- In the 17th century, when we had a generation, we had a generation of generations. We had a generation of generations of generations. We had a generation of generations. We had a generation of generations. We had a generation of generations. We had a generation of generations. We had a generation of generations. We had a generation of generations. We had a generation of generations. We had a generation of generations. We had a generation of generations. We had a generation of generations. We had a generation of generations. The Netherlands and the Netherlands, the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and the Netherlands and He was the first company of the United States to go to the North and to India. But he found a close country that was not protected by anyone. Manahata, who was the first one to go to the Netherlands in contact with the Indian government, was the first to go to the Netherlands in terms of the world. The steel-type epidemic, the Netherlands, and all of the foreign countries, were born as these out of. But it was very similar to every human being. With three-sectorals, massacres, throes, cramps, and bone-in-rhyl and ten-hours. Now that's the bolt handle that was installed was introduced. by the poor and the poor. They saw a new virus in the Netherlands. They were also interested in it, and they didn't want to see it. They also wanted to find out about the strong avocados. They were not interested in it. They were not interested in it. out some of the new experiences out on the new. New, on the next episode, we will talk about the new experience of Adrien Bok, the name of the wildlife and block island. Now that you've been able to get out, In 2014, when the first new Netherlands was founded, the Dramy claim was made in the Netherlands. On the contrary, the long-term country was made in the Netherlands, and the man had it. The Netherlands was founded in the Netherlands with the other products, but not in the Netherlands. The first one was a long-term, so maybe the second one was in fact a long time ago. The first one was in 1614 and in 1624 it was a long time ago, the first one was in Elveni. The second one was in the fourth one, in the fourth one. in boats and products. In 1621, the Dutch government allowed the west and the company which was founded by the Dutch government on the other hand, with North and South America. In 1624, the Federal Government said that they did not offer a ban on South Korea nor North Korea. and Wertje, Bivir, Lato, Delaware, Hudson, and Connecticut, and we are in the Netherlands, a new country, we are going to see with our officers in the Netherlands. A year later, in 1625, we are going to see the Netherlands on the way. the place you think out here through the roofstatt, you want to see. The year 26th was born in New York and is about the city of Wilhelm, a much older story. Another year, more so, about the stories, about the year 26th and 24th. The first time was in the year 25th. to house pass since the 1970s as a birth year for the age of 16, 16, 19, 20, and the Westerenschappen in Patronschappen, where the new colony is upgraded to expand the world on the level of a patch. The first boss was Kylian from Rense Laar, who was in 1645. He was a former Schooch, Adriaan Cornelisen, from the dark corner. From the dark population in 1655. one of the first books about the new Netherlands, written by someone who has been living there and the other Netherlands, who have been published in the New World, was Jakob Stendham, (speaking in foreign language) and new Amsterdam. It has been raining for a long time. It has been raining for a long time. From 6.9 to 5.9, where the Republic is trying to find out that it is too far away from the new colony, and still, from 9.6.6 to 2.9, we have the first American roof. From this work, and also from others, later books from New Zealand are based on Dutch and American art, which we do for him. We are very close to the unknown animals in the plant. The Dutch were the first Europeans to plant a few of them here. of the Oskars of the West and the name of the people who didn't know their names. Oh the views of contact between Senerals and India. Senerals and India, three students, were all together. But over a house contact, it was in the 1960s. on the 4th year of February on this weekend. Here in Lake Veranning to come to the year above the Alvenon Lawrence G. From Lone in 1868, Nartik was published in the Indian historian Dutild Tawagolchi. The beginning of the 3-T era, and in the article on the name of the name, the text on the text was closed between Dutch and Indian. In the 17th century, the first Dutch wrote on twice the number that was written in 21 April, that was 13. The opening was here on the top of the screen, and it was undertaken to the Netherlands to hand over Jacob Eelkens and Henry Christiansens, and through the Erokeses in Jan, Gives of the Long House, Gharat Jan, Karnachat, Takai, Otsch, Kuiragheron and Teosweng. In the early days of the pandemic, Europe was not the only country that was able to establish peace, peace, and North Americans in the United States. The fund was a sensational fund. Thank you very much for your time, and I hope you enjoyed this video. I am very happy to have you here, but I would like to thank you very much for your support. Thank you very much for your time, and I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for your time, and I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for your time, and I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for your time, and I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for your time, and I hope you enjoyed this video. It is also possible to address the history and history of the other countries. The director of the new Netherlands, the French of New York State Library, has been very familiar with the fact that in the Middle East, it is true that the document is not in 1613, but it is actually in the middle of the West. but either was for consultation or the knowledge. to be able to find a different model in our country. We also see that the head of the United States has become a part of the anti-pollumization system. That's in its hand-shifting way, or in the end, we will not be able to describe it in any way. Or to create a modern model in our life. The hand-takenings of the Twineers and the Salleiners and the Jacob Eelkens, not overed with an authentic hand-takenings that are being used in the West. That's true, but it's not written with a French or a French pen, and it's not written with a French pen, but with a French pen. But last is not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, but it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of the way, it's not to make it out of that it can't be the original day because it's a lot of paper and paper and paper, and a copy of it was written by a fan of American Indian Historical Society. It's not a problem. Through the other book of the book and others, it's also possible to read that from London since 1959. but that all the employees of the company are allowed to react to the high quality of the system. But not until the public came. In 96, I was born from London with the drug sales for a drug bank 5. We were there. There was a young couple on the market. But the couple didn't have the money. of the WG-25s on its own time. The only thing that's funny is that the WG-48s are on its own time. That the WG-48s is on its own time, and that was the best part of this event as the first reading in the line of resources records. Two soccer play-offs. The first battle of the contract was called "Alone" and we decided to have someone who was the agent of the Sequoia reservation in Canada. My first go. The second thing I would like to ask you was the professor. The group didn't know that alone, that's what it was. in the light of the late edition an educated test. Van Londen, Van Londen-Muynesen, Merter Gcietschreving, Van Denielandes in Oelmeca, is a very well-known author of the Oosterrug. In the 20th century, he had a Dutch settler, the Sideoelbele Yearbrock, 49,940, and brief M. I'm going to show you the 64th anniversary of the year of the year. One of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of One of the three Dutch expeditions, the independence of Herman Maindertsch of the Bohrgaard in the winter of the 34th anniversary of the Baug of the Houdkensmohauk. These are the buildings that she's stories tell us about. These are the 50-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand- This is what the 50th century was. This is what she's stories tell us about. were very dangerous in the years, and then the Darkwoop from the MoeWart, and it was also a very important information. After that, nobody would have noticed that these people were also involved in the Final Lasker. Also, research on the new generation and the other experienced hope. That's why I started with modern ink and modern pen, well-opened, as you can see here. The handshift, where the Suriname, the Blief and Cart from Delacroix, is written on the top of the tower of the ship, on the tower of the shipyard, and that's why we have a lot of wrinkles with our eyes. all the discoveries of the balloon that all the publications, as a matter of fact, have been asked by my father. A card from Albany, from Cetinoin, and a card from the Wehrduitsen, with the last recognition of the balloon later thrones, every association, and before we move on to the last year, we will see now the world as a new world that we've heard from the Netherlands. Our name is Hans Oskuss. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) This is the new took all of a sudden. Is it a team? Is it a team? It can't receive any information. Is it the most anti-graph world to see what? Is it a T3? Why? I don't know anything about it. I don't know if it's a T3 or not. I don't know if it's a T3 or not. No, it's a T3 or not. No, it's a T3 or not. and .silencesilenceinaudiblesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic I'm going to be in the end. Nothing to be honest. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end. I'm going to be in the end, and it's a P2N, both P2N and P2N. We can just use C9.no speech detected I'm just 30 and I've talked to you about it again, so I click on the button and click on the button to make sure that you're not going to use the button, so I click on the button toinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) Pause PauseINAUDIBLE Pause Pause No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, nono audio This is for all artists, the music up on to this video, with a kind of tutorial and an excellent, extremely well-asseted video to be able to, uh, for all the songs that are on (speaking in foreign language) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) Pause (coughing)COUGHING (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceMusic So, just push it on details that I've already lived with. Yes, this is my phone. (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (knocking on door) Silence Silence I like the other conditions. I don't know if I can get the master to this page. I don't know if I can add a top of the other command you may get. Thanks for watching. I'll finish my third one. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm going to put it on the top right corner of the screen. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence That was the exact one, but I don't know if it was the same thing as the other one.CLICKINGMUSIC band, those big leaves. I'm going to use the band. I'm going to use the band. I'm going to use the band. I'm going to use the band. I'm going to use the band. I'm going to use the band. I'm going to use the band. I'm going to use the band. I'm going to use the band. Thank you. I'm going to do the exhaust, no, I can't do it, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going to do the exhaust, I'm going I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. I don't know what you're going to do. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm just going to get a little bit of a sh*t, I'm just going to get a little bit of a sh*t.silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) (coughing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing in foreign language) And I'll tell you a bit more. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence I'm going to add another layer to the top of the viewport, and I'll do a six-click on the second layer, the same with the rest of the viewport, and I'll add another six-click on (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence Thanks for sitting. Thank you for watching. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.MusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause I have a mark, a tiny bit of a mark, a little bit of a mark, a notch, a bit of a mark, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, a notch, mark, a little bit of a mark, a little bit of a mark, a little bit of a mark, a little bitsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) When there's boys going to keep some going into sexual parfittings, I should probably mention if you need that. I tried to do a split-tiff already. based on the repels of people you value and might just think it might actually be worth something at some point. Just one example. He said that's homosexuals, gay men, gay sex, the gay men are a threat to society, because all men might start to have gay sex. Therefore women might no longer find men that would have This is the guy in the corner that I hear. So therefore, homosexuality gay people must be killed and eliminated, otherwise other gay men would also only want to have gay sex. what this book is for you that tells you and then I have to wonder if there's some some doubt about his own sexualness here I'm so sorry I'm sorry The world doesn't matter.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Pause Pause Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going to see it here, I'm going (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) Sorry about that.CLICKCLICK Is it inside of me?CLICK (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) It's a castle, you don't have to do the exhaust, that's that block, now what you're doing to cashmash, that's it, no, no, no, no, it's a compliment, thousandth gale for one. Pause Pause but what is the meaning of being in the head? what is the meaning of being in the head? if you talk to the other person, if you talk to the other person, you are still stronger, you are still stronger, you are still stronger,INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MusicMusicMusic I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible But suspect there's a camp now in A1 which is the cratescales, those are same damage, but not too near, they're good too near, they're far near this, they're far near this So this is the same damage, maybe the enemy. It's a little virus, but we've been need that machine, but it's still a little bit. Anyway, this is happening in the freezer now and then I'll start putting it in here soon. The DNA should be detected via an angle. We should just stay in the unit. That would prove a certain normal pass. So, the salesperson in it also copies from the ULT cell, we'll get DNA copies of 2.30 And nothing has to get reinfected because of our risk, of course, or that we're vulnerable to this. We also continue to get the damage just a little bit much more precise. If you keep on this, it's an easy tool to switch all over. This is a new thing to show you, put the two pulses crosswise one against the other, to kind of show you the surface here, click. systeminaudibleinaudibleclears throat (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLE Now, there was a second experiment which was a little bit more. So, the line is close with the high end difference. So, the line is close with the high end difference. and then I'll come to an end to this.silencesilence Silence Pause (indistinct chatter) Pause Pause Pause (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) There's nobody who was supposed to be part of this audience or all her abusers is ever going to intervene as an individual and say to boys for the life or whoever else is that. That's in some difficulty I don't know what's. You mean how can I let people try to? Come on, I'm doing it all the time.silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) - Where can you... (keyboard clicking) - She's on you guys. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusicno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Thanks for watching!silencesilence I'll try to find the way to beat a stick. I'll try to find the way to beat a stick. Silence Silence So, really, it's not really... I just said, "How can you justify fighting against yourself?" How self-suffering, demand-kind is fighting-kind. Because what you are trying, what you are trying... All those are trying to do to beat us to the patic madness, it started to come at the cost which is the foundation, the definition of all that needs to be here, but if we lose our awareness, if we lose our intellect, if we lose our consciousness, if we lose our free will. Then we are trying to survive by sacrificing who we are. That is not okay. If that is what is happening, then we really cannot beat this. But we can't yet. Yes. Now we need to stick to it, we are keep on reading, keep on being respectful, keep on being remain, keep on being an iceberg, I show others. Like I said, it does not mean that at the same time we need to continue to see. if there's a way to beat this or to talk to it or find a way out so we can continue to write history. But in a leftful altering to Pyro was controlled by this area, the media doesn't suffice not stop, but it's run in the right direction, and after 10 minutes, it's a simple opponent, it goes together. and it's going so wrong and that's why he is the key, if he is not eliminated, he knows, Merkel's may actually see the light, see everything that he's doing wrong, show others where it went wrong. and what the consequences are, so we don't make this mistake again, this is make or break for the human race, for our planet, why do we come together, why do we do the right thing now? We put a motion wall with count stoppering on. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time.silenceclickingsilence Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Pause Silence Silence Pause Pauseno audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiono audiono audio Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause Pause And I convince them to do the transformation. The transformation. You The transformation. Silence Silence I don't think I was able to do that. I was about to let people try to figure it out for themselves. For them, I am a better, a worse for hope, super bad, and on evil I must be, stiff and offended, ah, it's pretty, no, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not, I Yes, although I said that it has this, will make it a double A in my last name. I will tell you a little bit about this.silencesilenceCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGHCOUGH I need to listen. Oh, miracle. I'm going to have to listen. I'm going to have to listen. I'm going to have to listen. I'm going to have to listen. I'm going to have to listen.silencesilence Pause Pause Okay, it was the system. It's on the side of the mouse. The red bar. Pay more, one more fish. I don't compete against each other.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for watching. home screen, press the gb button and press the home menu or that, you'll stop. We most incentivize this button, settings, function, call and form. We most incentivize every play and call and hit button, line and let them. Line and location, button, line and let them. Did you allow me to do this in a new channel? Button, line and let them. Inaudible Remark Pause Pause Pause 7, series set of information, such a boy with a series land, series and impolition of pump reattice without that series, gentation and privacy, but in 7 a set. Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceno audiono audiono audio Silence >> Let me talk about it. Silence Silence Silence Silence (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to have a little bit of all growth, I'm going to have a little bit of growth. I'm going to have a little bit of growth, I'm going to have a little bit of growth. I'm going to start up with a big shell. I'm going to start up with a little bit of gloss. I'm going to start up with a little bit of gloss.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'll just see more of them on this side. You can see it from the side. It's either left or right to see him in the left as well. Right here in the top of the shoulder. I'm going to make a few more of these. I'm going to make a few more of these. I'm going to make a few more of these. I'm going to make a few more of these.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oh, she knew.silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected Oh, wow. Wow. Oh, wow.MUSICMUSICMUSIC (keyboard clicking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sighs) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering) (clattering)COUGH Oh yeah.Music (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (keyboard clicking)