[00:00:00.02] USB Live Camera audio:	(keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (indistinct)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)MUSICinaudible (speaking in foreign language) from the test line.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Thank you.MUSIC >>INAUDIBLE Yes, Pubing. Yes, Pubing. Yes, Pubing. Yes, Pubing. Yes, Pubing. Yes, Pubing. Yes, Pubing. Yes, Pubing. Yes, Pubing. So, if you have any questions, please let us know in the comments below and we'll see you in the next video.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence to vote the fact that you've been captured into our cocaine organization. It is not that you've ever come to believe it. This is something that the system has been fainting for. It wasn't too new. It's not been able to give you what you need to keep the bubble intact. because you feel punished. So I'm getting with this. I'm getting it to myself. I need you to see if we should consider it, and this is the end of the video. Thank you very much. I mean, the world is proficient on it, it should not be hard to understand that you are physically, physically, mentally, mentally, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically, physically or some of the other things that's very much so for all of us it's really good to come from the pain machine but for some of the other things that we feel good but for all the things that we still know. Then you can allow your minions to be relied on for the same reason, so it's a little precondition That's all I'm trying to understand. You You You I'm going to use this to match the color of the mask. I'm going to use this to match the color of the mask. (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausesilencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence But, um, it's a bit of a lot of stuff.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Check and test current. I only want to ask for the need to improve the system at 2. Improve the product. Assure it all that it's cheap. Check and test. SilenceMusic You're on the front as it's risky, but my memory is so different. Plus, it's a thing I don't need to do. Just to... If you have any questions, please let me know in the comments below. If you have any questions, please let me know in the comments below. If you have any questions, please let me know in the comments below. Okay, there's a state of mind. Show me the way to do it today. I'm going to show you. I love you. I love you. See you soon. I don't know, I'm not sure if this is the only way that's where you're going to spend if you're still alive. So, right to the evil and her cold and up all of this.Music Is that feasible? Poor his family? Hey, do you have a dad? I'm not in a column of play, what do you want to be? So I'm okay to do this now. Just like you call after your synths. Of course, you cannot just send this and drop this as an in, you know, we need to call and provide context. But the point is that the action is to be taken anyway, that's the message you need to give via.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yes, and I need to do this this way because if I believe in people, then I always get screwed over, and no, no, no, it's not always so much for you guys. I need to make sure we don't leave them both for us. I'll put it in the car. Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio One of this, I think, suit it, but all of it. (sniffing) Nope, the dash. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Now, let's take the dish. Now, let's take the dish. Now, let's take the dish.MusicMUSICMusic Background Sounds MusicMUSIC (singing) (music) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusic Pause PauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing)MUSICMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC And then this, and that's the last key out, and that's it, just, just, don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, just don't want me to spare you, justMUSICMUSIC (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) (mimicking music) Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV, BFV If you notice, if you... Then you have to see in the light so it doesn't... Then you have to see in the light so it doesn't... Then you have to see in the light so it doesn't... Then you have to see in the light so it doesn't... Fishing fishy fishy fishy fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fish Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fishy Fishing fish Fishing fishy (humming) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)Silence And then I'm going to add a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little bit more of this, a little The sculptor is like this. I tell you, tell the punch and eat the punch and eat on the section, I myself. I eat the other section and eat on the... I eat the other section and eat.MUSICno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono audioclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm getting that all night. Come down and do it now. Go away. Go away. To what needs to be done. But it's not to bleed anything. I'll give you a bleed, not to bleed.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE and then it is also a kind of a speedy system. So it's in the blue, I guess it's a speedy system. I don't care if it's going to be easy.silence Yes, we loaded it, we are getting a lot of stuff to put in. Even more often than here on modern versions.silence I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not familiar with it then, but I'm not I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. I'm going to go to the next room and I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. I'm going to sit there for a seat belt. and I have a picture. and then we'll start with the near-point edge. Here, here, here, here, here, here, here. This is the model. Let's start with the front edge. I'll try to mark the back of the laptop. (mumbles) in the box, you will also see the front of the chassis. (speaking in foreign language) And now I'm going to start with a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Welcome to the nature. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) is fine. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.no speech detected Silence Silence I'm going to add a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a littleINAUDIBLE And what are you doing to do to be very much stronger than you should be doing in the moment? What are you doing to be able to do? Over there in the light of what is to do when you are across? What are you doing to be too lazy? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)INAUDIBLE Pause >> Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMUSIC Change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it, change it,INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) No, this year, baby.MusicMusicMusicMusic Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence SilencesilencePausePause Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay, let's go to the other side. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) and and Silence Silence Cold shoes are a chain. Where else do I have to change? I have to change. I have to change. I have to change. I have to change. I have to change.silencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause PauseCOUGH Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audio Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.