[00:00:00.00] OneOdio FM1:	Well, let's say the most recent Fermi-Ozumic Conti Conti, seeing something cool, we won't just hit build, we won't listen to fight for us if I use this, and then it also might need plus and minus and minus and then just send me. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence There was a question I guess you know, so let's see. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Now it's probably going to, and this is still being recorded, so don't make it too stupid. Now you're probably going to do as if you're trying to sell the additional work. I still have to do by trying to... to do a sales talk, which is just awful awful awful awful. We do not do this. This is essential for mask man kinds survival. We look at this from different sides. So what you can do, boys? is to make a nice map, a sort of network with legal blocks or whatever, about causality stuff related to the weird coincidences that you've been witnessing in my life. That's very important that you need to do. So where I start going from is that really weird, what else is involved. That was that. Actually you mean, you mean job in your life.Clock clicksClock clicks You'll notice this part to just wash myself on these things. That's why this makes sense. That's probably why I do this telepathic sanity. That you notice this thing in need, and therefore you notice it, and when there's an off-like right now, So, then we sit together and make some more sense out of this and why the changes from the future to the past were done to create those weird coincidences, what message should they bring. But that's something we've never done. Why? Phase two phase I'm talking about. Not talking about the LAPA, but that's something that needs to matter where you make sure it's not possible to truly communicate and then build something upon us in the LAPA. So now it needs to be face to face.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilence It's so possible.sighssnifflessilence but I'm... so if events are not in motion just to be clear by knots corrected in the right way at the right time which I believe will coincide with me dying to stop corrected before that. This will become irreversible, some stupid stouts buzzing, but I think he's better off go over here, go insensitze. Hey, you morons. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Everything in the world, those that I just, those, are just, necessarily, so don't even. Nice to stop outside on. All the life gets up Global driveMusicMusic >> Can't stop slash that video, I don't know if you can figure out published. (sniffing) - More stairs. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> That's a copy of the book, the book of the game. I'm going to go ahead and see if I can do it. I'm going to go ahead and see if I can do it, and now we're going to be at the beginning of the year. I'm going to be at the beginning of the year. I'm going to be at the beginning of the year. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence In the 3rd sound, you have to input both the end and end and ensure that it's all I'll see you next time. (coughing) So it's not that bad, but it's a lot of fun. So we need you to listen. So we need you to listen. So we need you to listen. So we need you to listen. So, I believe so. That's wonderful. I wish I was to be on the left next to it, too. But most of it. That's not art.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilence (laughs) (mumbles) So I'm being a little less than 12,000, and that's all I'm gonna flip today. I come home, you're the best one. (snaps) - What's the rush? (knocking) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (keyboard clacking) - That needs to do better. - Oh, back full to print. (keyboard clacking) I remember the I know those every type thing or I think you type all over the course. So that I catch if you knew yourself a lot. Alright, that's it. I just lost it. Now I'm going to test just a little bit of traffic light to the light. Oh, there's a lot of traffic lights up here. So you can go to the next one. I'm just going to do those two little traffic lights. Yeah, but we have a bit more at least, we can't wait for everybody to be on the trusted base. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry I don't need to turn back to snow and I'm going to park yellow, my cool park stay in the park yellow.Music It's dark so I don't know what I was believing in.MUSIC But I'm waiting there. I'll call something like Archie a little bit. Oh, it's Archie. I just want a little more hints to them, a little bit more hints to them, and I want them to be sent. I want that in the cocktail can I?Sighs I remember I don't have time because I'm very slow in everything I did. But it needs to be good, it needs to be better, and then it sounds good. So yeah, pin here. So all you could do is make sure he's on the map or on the top, maybe on the right. I have a lot of other modules. I don't know what they do with local app, but now that you cannot do this, I know it's not like, but they're ready to do it, and I don't want to miss a little bit of this video. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. Yeah, and that time 17. Oh, well. 17, I guess it's all on, so let's add more strength, it doesn't work. (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) (coughs) It's the dinner here else.silencesilence I'm going to go up to the check. What's the matter with all of you? Did you?PantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPanting If someone is the knife we lost right now, then I'll call you 22-4, she is left to do any move. I could have been twice, but then I made it make sense. sometimes show up, but we're wasting the same way every time, so that won't be possible. Silence SilencePause We can let the students and they are eating I don't know if I can do it. Maybe I can. I'm gonna have a little rest. I'm gonna have a little bit of a comment. I think I can do it. I'm going to be a bit more financier, but I don't know if I can do that too. I don't know if I can do that too, but I don't know if I can do that too, but I don't know if I can do that too.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic or you don't expect that. I'm going to put it on with the time. It's going to be negative, should it be nice?silence Just to be more clear, if there's somebody who knows something about this, we read my own talk about my everything stuff and did not find the things that I was doing. interesting on units so you the control loop and that's What's going on?SighsSighsSighsSighs Okay, so, voice, family, boss, maybe you don't need it. Silence Silence I know it's said that's not the law and it's the system. Come on, let's go. Oh, it's fixed. (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilence I'm going to have to shoot it in the last one and then you'll touch it with your finger. Oh, uh. We are going to tell us where to put that on. We need it on all of this stuff. Thank you for watching, and the pre-susage arrangement for the developed background, both of them, so this sounds very well, so good luck. So yeah, it's not so, yeah, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it >>INAUDIBLE So, here we go, battery status, the number, the number, the number, the number, it's in 3. So, it's in 3. So, it's in 3. So, it's in 3. It's in 3. It's in 3. It's in 3. Yeah You You You You You You You You (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLEsilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, sosilence Now you're not there, I don't know this.MusicMusicMusic I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like I'm going to add a little bit more of this I missed it for a little bit. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSMusicMusicMusic Oh, that's not a good one. That's not a good one. Yeah. You got one.SIGHS (sighs) Silence Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Thank you for all of my secrets and my make. Now you'll come out with a message. Almost. We think it's sealed. It's my man. Understand the difference. Understand the difference. Understand the difference. Understand the difference. Understand the difference. We're going below.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I don't know if I can do it, but I can do it. I don't know if I can do it, but I can do it. if .CLICKING But what's the purpose? Is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is it on the map or is Is there anything I want to say about this? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Chop chop. I don't know if you can see it, but it's a little bit of a problem, but I don't know if you can see it, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a problem, but it's a little bit of a I think I'll do a rest of it.Alarm soundAlarm sound *Sigh* Bump. You have to know it, you have to go back to your mother. Because I thought it's stupid. I'm not going to let you go. I'll do that on the next one. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We talked a bit about it and that's why we never started a lot of cool. There's also a kind of a tunnel and it's just built and it was actually built and it's a little bit of a small tunnel but it's a long team and it's a little bit of an old I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make it to the wall, I'll make (claps) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (claps) (claps) (claps) (coughing) - You guys, I'm sorry I can't. I can't help but I love it, but I want it to get it. Alright. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (clears throat) (clears throat) - Nothing else. (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (knocks on door) (knocks on door) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Piano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playingPiano music playing (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Yeah, it is in the half of the wall, is out now. Oh, they will see them too. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, I don't know why I don't need to go into the dark room all the way to the dark room. I don't know why I don't need to go into the dark room all the way to the dark room. I don't know why I don't need to go into the dark room all the way to the dark room. I don't know why I don't need to go into the dark room. I don't know why I don't need to go into the dark room. I don't know why I don't need to go into the dark room. I don't know why I don't need to go into the dark room. I don't know why I don't need to go into the dark room. I'm not going to have to go to jail, I'm not going to be able to take home yet. Come here. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) I'm gonna have to be on my own, but I'll give you a little bit of a nice little touch of it. I'll see you soon. I'm gonna miss you, I'll call you soon. I'll call you soon. I'll call you soon. (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)MusicMusicMusic Silence Silence (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> Well, that's all right.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause It's still great, I'm not being too far now. There's enough. Check that. The work is alright. I'm just wondering if you guys want to do that? I'm just wondering if you guys want to do that? I'm just wondering if you guys want to do that? I'm just wondering if you guys want to do that? (sighs) (sniffs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) *Sigh* I'm a c'mon sh*t *Sigh* Is there any extra upper to be added to my? *Sigh* *Sigh*INAUDIBLEsilencesniffingsilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (coughs) (coughs) - There's a need for the laughing, there's a lot of the dead, there's a bush. (coughs) (coughs) (coughs)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Well, you're all that just for the benefit of this. You're all right, all right.Sounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barkingSounds of a dog barking Just let it all head back, there's a cat with a cat beside my much-standard human health in this, that helps you. Thank you very much, and I appreciate it to be so. See you soon. Bye, you both all the more. Bye. Yeah, I'm just going to need the drape, so I'm not going to cut it. So I'll see what I'm doing. We'll start with the other one. Good, look, oops, you need to snap. No, it's a cut, and we need a cut. No, it's a cut, it's a cut, it's a cut, and it's all that. I found out that it's a cut. So. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Okay, yeah That was my first video Thanks for watching Oh You You You What's the point? There's still a lot of stuff in here. What's your point? That's the reason why I'm here. There's a lot of stuff in here. I'm here because I can't see anything. I'm here because I can't see anything. But I don't know. I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not going to do it again, I'm not I really just want to say a nice name to the audience, because it's a live, in fact, a couple of times, and I think it's just a live broadcast, I'm shocked, and I'm going to come on in there and you'll be able to talk to the head of the audience. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I can do that, and at that moment, God must have done it more in Kijkbrennen. That was... I don't know if it's true, I don't see anyone in Kijkbrennen. I don't know if it's true, I don't see anyone in Kijkbrennen. I don't know if it's true, I don't see anyone in Kijkbrennen.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay, where's the next one? Oh.silence Tell me what's in the room to be at. I'm not too late, I know it's too late, so I'm sure I'll see you guys in the next video, I'll see you guys in the next video, bye bye.silence If you do not help me tonight, I will look at the suicide again. I will try to suffocate again. Try to get rid of them. 87% oxygen saturation, energy of last time, it was 82%. There you go, to get the right motivation to succeed in the right suicide, maybe today. I don't see you all too. (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking)silence (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to do our song. By the way, I'm going to do the live. I'm going to do the live. I'm going to do the live. I'm going to do the live. I'm going to do the live. I'm going to do the live. I'm going to do the live. I'm going to do the live. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) Pause >> Good. Pause >> You're all with him. That's for me. We were all stuck in the house, and we were sitting next to each other, and then I saw a person sitting next to me, and I saw him sitting next to me. That's for me. That's for me. That's for me. I'll see you in the next video. All the leaves he coupled marked and all that note is, and when we have nothing else to do, I have to go all the way around. I'm going to go to some more. What do you want to know about this?PausePausePause And that is so and that is just over the maximum. So you can move this fire. As you can see, there are Mr. Tyson, bouquet acts. We made our mission all the best that we will take care of, and we have all the knock-apil touch mark and all the knock-apil touch. If you don't see it, that's not possible to understand, to understand, to read, so time to go to the next one. (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click) (Click)INAUDIBLE Where is something that can make anybody gay, so don't worry, it's not so bad for me to know this is.silence SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence I'm going to open the stack and come back here as soon as I can. Maybe the main one can really go to the boss tank. Quiet. Let's go. I don't want to do it. I don't want to do it. I don't know if you can see it, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that, but I think it's a bit of an instant work to do that. I'll need a delicious sauce. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. More again. Mmm. Mmm. Game of play. So more. So more. So more. So more. So more. So more. So more. I'm going to do a little bit of the shift. I'm going to do a little bit of the shift. I'm going to do a little bit of the shift. I'm going to do a little bit of the shift.silence You know I'm making for all of you up. Trying to buy you some more time. Just by saying a word. The better the miracle consists of. I should make a miracle. Pause Pause I don't know when that's all.sighssighssighssighssighs I'll see you in the next video.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence By the way, it will be easy to do all of the inventions and scopes very quickly. if you just imagine that we'll play it. that's being brainwashed like conditions. It's not to do a whole bunch of pretty set discoveries, and then somebody just gets also a bit hints, or even knows the brainwashed to know which one's to do. Yeah, they like me. Why do you not do it? Stop being so constipated. It's all you say. We're not on this. I say, what are we supposed to need? Could we? If we need you, what's it? But no! The King of the Lord has done it! The King of the Lord has done it! The King of the Lord has done it! The King of the Lord has done it! The King of the Lord has done it! The King of the Lord has done it!silencesilence It's all to les accords, it's all it's. I'm not making any of the things that I'm not doing, I'm not doing anything. Okay, I'm going to switch out. Okay, I'm going to switch out. Okay, I'm going to switch out. Silence Silence So, I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side and I'm going to go to the other side of the screen and I'm going to go to the other side of the to to I just really can't even get anyone. I'm going to run to the left in a second. If you all can't be stubborn, then I'm going to be sure to do it. (sniff) (sniff) (sniff)no speech detectedno speech detectedSighsSighs Oh.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs >> I know, that's the only thing I can do. >> That's the truth. So, what would we? So, what would we?SighsSighs (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)Clock tickingClock tickingClock ticking what's your name? Well, did you listen to that? I'm going to have some sweet tea, I just asked for it. It's getting a bit cold all night, it's getting a bit cold. Bit cold, cold, please. Music Singing in foreign language Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's funny. I'm going to have to go out and see if I can do it. I'm going to have to go out and see if I can do it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE So, this is the end of the session. Yeah, I need to leave this to him. You need to have a nice russum. I think he's probably stopping up to him to stop. Stop. I'm sorry. (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll tell you what I'm doing. So you're in team, there is a lot of success in the bow and nothing starts, individual, now I cut up the PDHs of the factory, I come in there, I come in there, I come in from the (speaking in foreign language) I will just... ...today. I'll be up the machine, didn't have to be sure I'll do it in the next... ...curve, then the air, and the only flimable air to it. The air is mentioned in the part of the water, didn't... ...possume the Norf air. I'm going to have a tap-piss. I'm going to have a tap-piss. I'm going to have a tap-piss. I'm going to have a tap-piss. I'm going to have a tap-piss. I'm going to have a tap-piss. I'm going to have a tap-piss. I'm going to have a tap-piss. I'm going to have a tap-piss. I'm going to have a tap-piss. I'm going to have a tap-piss. Thank you very much, Amanda. Thank you very, very much. Thank you very, very much. Thank you very, very, very much. Thank you very, very, very much. Thank you very, very, very much. Thank you very, very, very much. Thank you very, very, very much. Thank you very, very, very much. I'm going to have a lot of work with it. Can you help me? I'm going to try it again. I tried it again. I'm not going to try it again. I'm not going to try it again. I'm not going to try it again. I'm not going to try it again. I'm not going to try it again. I'm not going to try it again. I'm not going to try it again. I'm not going to try it again. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) If you have any questions, please leave them in the comments below. That's what I'm going to see in the light. Look, stop that. Oh, you're doing it. Okay, okay, we'll see you in the next video. Silence Silence Silence If you want to get rid of all this stuff, just let me know what you think about it. (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (click, click) (click)MusicMusic I'm going to put some on the consistent slush. I'm going to set some illusion option.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Yes. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) It's a bit too blocky, but it's probably any size, size.MusicMusic Peace, the bus, or... ...Bangin. I'll sit there. Step the hilly up, SDEP. The hilly up. I'll sit there. I'm not going to keep this light up. I'm going to let my back avoid some up to there and it's more of a suburb. Okay. Okay. Look at the ceiling. Let's see the way it works. Pause Pause (sniffing)CLICK The only one that can extend this is not. How does it do this? Take the leg from all this.SighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) All right, it's normal, it's normal. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, but that is why you say that everybody else say something.INAUDIBLE Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no audiono audioINAUDIBLE That's the true, very sweet, very, very, very sweet. Oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I really like these really intense snowmolishes, no camouflage, effects, so I'm going to I'm about to communicate with you guys. I love telepathy. What do you think?SighSighSighSighSighSighSigh Like this. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence *Sigh* *Sigh* It's called William. Not only Dynis, a lot more insistent than Dates. *Sigh* CLEPTO CRUSH FOR A MOVE, and I was open to the cravings Just for this, rush the flat team against my carbonyls. That's very good. That should be clear enough. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Back up. Yeah. But it is a lot better, more white would get any more paint assuming we do. But we want me to go inside for really today. Yeah. Yeah. (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (inaudible) Thank you so much.silenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilence Nice.INAUDIBLE (laughs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very much for your time, thank you very Okay. Goodbye, as I say. We won't be sick. Thank you. I'm going to put the new safety gear in the seat. I'm not talking about you, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're not getting it, you're I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a half of it, so I'm going to try to do a three and a So, let's have a good rest in my mind, my mind, my mind. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesniffingsilencesniffingsniffingsilence Oh, make a noise. Yes, we got that noise. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. (clicking) (sniffing) - Hi, this is me. (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) Let's see what it's.silenceMUSIC I'd choose to brush my face. That's what I want to try to be in this version. I hope that other people share a bit more of Russian show and something that will help a lot of people. I'm not pretty sure what to do, and that's it. Shh. Shh. I need to try to... ...try to... ...try to... Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh.silencesilence I can leave it in this one and then let's then begin the real top right. I'm going to have to see if I can do it. I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm already waiting for it to be released, and it's with this guy who's pretending to be me. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm really like that's what I'm up for this evening, this evening, this evening, this evening. I really have no choice but to go on.SighSigh (speaking in foreign language) and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you take your guitar and then you is held in all of its doors. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) How long will it not work? Hmm? Yeah.Breathing in painBreathing in painsilence Ah.silencesilencescoffsscoffssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible (sighs) (sniffing) (sighs)sighssniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingsniffing Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEsighs Okay, let me increase the dance.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And should be cut to the spot, but not on the spot, but on the other side. What was that, the commotion? What the fuck, this? Yeah, he's near the boost, and then we start to see if we have any, and of course, they can actually see the two of me. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm not going to be able to do it. Well, the weebobby is an abscissant and he has not done it. I think we did ES, you see that last time. (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Let's... Be a hideous asses. You must help me over this. I'm sorry.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence >> Thank you for all of your money. Inaudible Remark SilenceMUSICSOUND (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)COUGHINAUDIBLEno audio Silence Silencesilence I'll bet you some. So I'm gonna feed that to the exerping. Got that? He doesn't want it. Let's help. Okay. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilenceinaudibleINAUDIBLE Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no speech detected Silence Silence I know this, but it's not as nice as it is.INAUDIBLE Silence Silenceno audiono audio Music Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence I'm not going to call the media. I'm going to use my hand to turn the ice cream. Ah, the game is not the game. I'm going to use my hand to turn the ice cream. I'm going to use my hand to turn the ice cream. Ah! I don't know what it is, but it's not a bad idea to do it.silencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICK (panting) (panting) (panting)sighsdoor opensdoor opensdoor opensdoor opensdoor openssniffsdoor opensdoor opensdoor opens (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause So that's your zero left, there's almost nothing.PausePause I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't us to stop people in waiting their lives. If you can. Yeah. It feels like they're using offering teams, especially. Yeah. (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence There's a little turkey come right here, but we'll have a little lamb nut better than it's a little bit more tender and it's a little bit more tender and it's a little bit What do we now can do? We'll do that in a call, what exactly we want to do with it. We'll do that in a few minutes. That's a great example of how I made the physics physics that I can take. I'm going to do this. That's the worst.silence Thank you for watching. I'm a kid, and we'd say I'm a dog, I don't know. Yeah, it's all good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.silencesilencesilence I'll just take a little bit of time to see if I can get a little bit of a little bit of Just another one.Clears throatClears throat (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sniffing)SIGHSsilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (groaning) - Okay, okay, I hope they miss you now. (upbeat music)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceNOISENOISE Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (coughing) - Oh, that's a little bit of a cut. (coughing)silencesighssilenceno audiono audio (groaning) Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (groaning) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detected (sniffing) Oh, it's nice. (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Good. Good. Good. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICK (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (humming) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (laughs) (laughs) (grunts) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) It's almost there, boy. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Pause Pausesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence You can hear it from Zeyosix, it's a little yellow. Always like to be able to...silencesilencesilencesniffingsilence Thank you.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pause >> There are yours. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) That was very practical. All in andinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence So, online, you can't see this, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Okay, get the voice.silencesilence (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (knocking on door) - What the hell? (sniffing)silencesilencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencecoughingsilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceNOISE Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectednono speech detected (coughing) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking Pause Pause Silence Silence Oh. Oh. Silence Silence (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence >> Well.silencesilenceSIGHS (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceMusicMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds I don't know where I have to get away with it though, but it always has to do something I don't know where I have to get away with it though, but I still need to get right. I was at the end of the culture, and I was like, "Oh, I don't know why." I was at the end of the culture, and I was like, "Oh, I don't know why." I was at the end of culture, and I was like, "Oh, I don't know why." I can't help it, I can't help it. *sniff* I wish I could... *sniff* NO! *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* I don't know if I can get all out of the way, but I don't know what I'm going to do.SighsSighsSighsSighs So, I'll try to solve all the rules. Turn in your panel, pay for them.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (popping) >> What? >> I did it. (panting) Respecting. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know if you know what I'm talking about, but it was a bit of a surprise, so I don't know what I'm talking about, so I'm talking about 6-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7 *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* *speaking in foreign language* *speaking in foreign language* *sniffing* *sniffing* Next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next I will tell you what I will tell you in the confetti, the mutsub. I will tell you what I will tell you in the confetti, the mutsub. I will tell you what I will tell you in the confetti, the mutsub.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSOUND I'm not sure that I'm taking sex to be on a coffee-seek-ass. to my heart in this film. I've got a man who says that I'm automatically on something that I always do. He really wants me to be here with him. That he's there to let me go. He's not here. (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) The most basic thing is that we will first be able to turn them on and on through storage as on the end of our three offices. This film is just... ...and that's it, and then I'll turn it on. I can't mix that up a little bit, I have.silencesilence I look friendly, it's not so much time, you know, the two are the people of the world,INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSIGHS (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) I'll be sure to do it.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (sniffing) (sniffing) Whoa. (sniffing)SilenceSilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I am here to get the key and I am going to get the key and I am going to get the key and I am going to get the key I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You see, you know, I'm telling you. Oh, I'm so sorry. Silence Silence SilenceMUSICSOUNDsilencecoughingsilencesilenceinaudiblesilenceINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE (sniffing)silencesighs Touch, web, let's just...silencesighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SOUNDinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (coughing) (clearing throat) (clearing throat) (sniffing)MusicMusicsilence You'll be in the sky with the music right now, oh yeah, man. That's what's wrong with me. I'm told. You You Silence Oh, and in this. Silence Thank you very much. We should know about best. We have a friend who is still on this map. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilence I don't know if you want to check or you know if you want to check or you don't have to do anything. I don't know if you have to do anything. I don't know if you have to do anything or you don't have to do anything.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You know, there's a lot of more 80s or 80s. It's like one less than 10 to 10 or 10 years. Yeah. 20 more. It will stand on 10 more days. Offer out any minute, and we're going to take the new well and use it several tools on, so I'll do a little little bit more, and we're going to do a little bit more, and we're going to do a littlesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to have to go to the next one, I'm going to have to go to the next one, I'm going I don't know what these are. Those are for me. So, I'm going to show you.inaudible I'm just going to have to be... Well, we're going to have to go to the other side.Clock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicks (sniffing) (sniffing) Hello, everyone. Hello, everyone. I'm going to ask the call, again. To meet the call. I don't think I can see it. Dotkink? *Sigh* We're all on the sheet out. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. the . Steve Burt-Barris.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE of this thing or those of thing or Bay of thing or Bay of the abuser or those of Yes. It's not loaded, nobody will tell you cause they... They feel as well. The seats at the only gate is as they can mount it to something we have around. So... The seats are not loaded, they're not loaded.MusicMusicMusic I just take it like a picture with the first version of this one. Not the original ones, but the first. I chose this one. It's an episode day.INAUDIBLE I'll beat him on the shoulder. I'm going to beat him on the shoulder. I'm going to beat him on the shoulder. I'm going to beat him on the shoulder. I'm going to beat him on the shoulder. I'm going to beat him on the shoulder. I'm going to beat him on the shoulder. I'm going to beat him on the shoulder. I'm going to beat him on the shoulder. I'm going to beat him on the shoulder. I'm going to beat him on the shoulder. So we don't need every team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get a new team to get I don't know if you can understand this. I don't know if you can understand this. I don't know if you can understand this. I understand the problem of the person. I'm just going to stop moving around and I'm just going to sleep in and just stop coming to me. Shhh! I'm just going to stop moving around and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'm just going to sleep in and I'minaudibleinaudibleBell That's how much I've used to be certain, yeah, sure. I don't know if that's how I live.silencesilence Oh my god, I don't know what I'm going to do with it. I don't know what I'm going to do with it. I really don't want to use the words, I'm not doing enough in it, I'm going to take a Okay, we'll go ahead and shoot.inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause >> There's a note to the rest.INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE I have to put them all in the air, or in the kitchen. I don't know if you can do anything about this. I can just let you know if you can do anything about this. I don't know if you can do anything about this. Pause Inaudible Remark just a single bit of low interest. That's all there. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Pause Pause You know the wealth of a second, you know the wealth of a second, you know the wealth of a second. Thank you. You You Yousilence We're at the air crawl. I'm going to talk with you in the next video. What the hell are we doing? I don't want to be here for you to be here. You have to be here, don't be here for me to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here for you to be here This is a buggy, not a manual virus. I don't see anything from a stonker, a stonker. So I've set all the eggs on cold. But it's too hot to be constant. I thought that I would make a jusser on a pre-offing again for 12 years. So I think I have multiple eggs. Like that for a moment. I'm going to cook. Good.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING Pause >> What is this? Pause Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) Background noise Background noise a little bit of silver as a system, but still for that some sheet where it is a system.MusicINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) >> I heard you see. >> I heard you see. Oh, thanks. You You You You You You You (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) Pause PauseINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence Music Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence >> Yeah, all these things. You need to next join the aims. Don't really want that to come to the aim, but I'm sorry. I was going there, so... It's fine. Bye! >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, but I'm going to have a little bit more time to (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know if any of them are sent on the screen. Maybe they'll see any of us in the next video. (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) I don't know if that's a problem. I'll see you later. I don't know if it's a good thing that you don't know. I don't know if it's a good thing that you don't know. I don't know if it's a good thing that you don't know. I don't know if it's a good thing that you don't know. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSCOUGH She commenced. The end of the video. This next video. Have a nice day.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSCLICKsilencesilence Silence Silence Silence (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Background noise Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Second. Second. Second. So I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the next video, I'll talk to you in the nextClock tickingClock tickingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible That's for one more key of the day, so let's head to the next one. We'll try to handle it a little bit more often. We're going to send this over to the head. You are not sick stills? Why are you coming in? You are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are You are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sick, you are not sickINAUDIBLE I'm not going to do it again, I'm going to get finished, so I can't do it again. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no audiono audio What about any of the other messages that you have? That's not coming for you guys, that's not coming for you guys. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. and that's why we're here, because we're here. We're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence We will set all the nesters with on your back on it.no speech detected I'll just make that with the comb and then I'll punch it out a little bit and then I'll just make that with the comb to that spot. I'll finish my just a little bit and then I'll just make that little bit and then I'll punch it out a little bit.silencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLE Oh man, what's that? She's watching stuff, isn't it? I'm doing something I know, I know, really. I don't know if she could say one. I don't know what the needle's saying, too. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. I'm going to go to the other side of the screen. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) See, I can ask what happens at the end of the world in our relationship, that our world is. (sniffing) I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. So we are so intuitive, instinctive, accurate, that would mean that you are always there. So we are so intuitive, instinctive, accurate, that would mean that you are always there. here it's checked so that it's 12 o'clock and I can't have to stop it any better than this. This is the new time of the class C. On 2nd of the midch and obelisk. Thank you for watching. But the reactivity is not that negative, because we are not going to be able to see it again. So, we have a plan that is all that self, the dispositing of one person. We have two plans. We have two plans. We have two plans. We have two plans. I'll take a scene. So I'll take a part in my scene. Need to hear the f**k. Need to follow you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> One. >> One. >> One, two. (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) And now I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in my mouth and I'm going to put it in I think it'll be 20 to 30 some of the lights, but you know, I think we'll be in the middle here. Or the warm one, play my mask, it's no surge with your makeup. I'm going to add a little bit of water and a little bit of water to make sure that the water is not too hot. I'm going to add a little bit of water to make sure that the water is not too hot. You must want to get out of here. Yeah, let me check on that, and then I just want to make sure that I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because I don't have to worry about that, because So I'm not going to work in there. Where are you going? I'm going to make sure I can run. The effectiveness of the took us to be active to the end of the room when the last room came, and that comes to your doubt. Oh, you know that? So...Click, clickClick, click, clickClick, click, clickClick, click, clickClick, click, clickClick, click, clickClick, click, clickClick, click, click That's why I want to show you how to do it, because I don't want to do it, because I'm not doing it, but I'm doing it all the time. I don't want to do it all the time, but I want to show you how to do it all the time. that it would look like that. There's no exact answer to all of this in your hands, but all in your reactions are perfect for spell bar and in other contexts and in other languages for that here that it feels like that. So I'm going to do a kiss. Now I'm going to do it again and then I'm going to do the whole thing and then I'm going to do the perfect one. I'm going to do the same thing, I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing and then I'm going to do the same thing I'm going to do a kiss. But what's palble about my life, well, not saying that's all that's all I have for work here in our youtube. In the end, ill. you you you youMusicMusic made for the lower gun. This was probably my opinion, I believe it's in the city of the world. It's all about the world, all about the society. It's a quiz, I'm going to have to know, and that the quiz is not about the... the probability of context. This is a parameter of the moment. The quality of the program is very good. It is also a very good thing to have access to. It is a very good thing to have access to. It is a very good thing to have access to. It is a very good thing to have access to. It is a very good thing to have access to. It is a very good thing to have access to. Stop the story, I don't know. I'll ask someone else. What do you mean, it's like we're talking about a cow-touching... I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to... I'm going to... I think I'm on very low level now, but I don't need it. So, I need it.silence Oh, this is it. It's written out as a melody. Thank you very much. I mean, it's an excruciating amount of pain. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. Alright, alright. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going to go to the right and I'm going I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I'm sure you don't get it. I just said, I just said, I just said, I said, one bit, I just said, well, until I said it, I'm completely, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said, I just said So, what's the name of the game, the name of the game, the name of the game, the name of the game. The name of the game, the name of the game, the name of the game, the name of the game, the name of the game. So we're on the set. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. and and and and and and and and and and and (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We're going to make sure it's well. Not the arm of it. Now you have to alter the height, but it's upside down. Now I'll touch the widths. This is the right thing. >> Where's our door? Silence Silence Okay, you care about it while we're getting that out of tune, man. Okay. He has done it for us, was all caught, and we're gonna hold it for the time we're gonna come and go. So it's time to go out. Let me make sure I can have a screen with it. Not camera though. Just gone.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know what you're saying. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. The chinty machine. So that was called one.INAUDIBLE Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking sound) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Thank you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah. You know, it's hard for us to play cards so fine, we're going to... Oh. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. We're going to start this game. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. I'm going to add in some of the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and I'm going to add in some of the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brown and the dark brownClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingCClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingCClock tickingno audio I'm going to start with a little bit of zoom, just a little bit of zoom, just a bit ofno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> One of them is sitting, one of them lying in the paper.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking sound) Silence Silence (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)CLICKING (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence >>Inaudible Silencesilenceinaudiblesilenceinaudible We can fit. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh, yeah, no. Oh, yeah, no. Oh, yeah, no. I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tiredsilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'll just get in one of my, I can wish I could work with you for a bit more than ever. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We must hit for that. >> We've got to let it go. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So, I'm going to use a little bit of this. So, I'm going to use a little bit of this. So, I'm going to use a little bit of this. So, I'm going to use a little bit of this. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, >> Okay. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I almost didn't know what to have done here. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. You I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this.silencesniffingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencespeaking in foreign language I'm going to start with the other one. I'm going to start with the other one. I'm going to start with the other one. I don't know if you can see it, but it's just a little bit more cute. I'm going to use this to make sure it's not too much. I'm going to use this to make sure it's not too much. It'd be all right. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (door slams) I don't know what I'm going to do. I don't know what I'm going to do. I don't know what I'm going to do. So, I'm going to try to set this over to the other side of the menu. So, I'm going to try to set this over to the other side of the menu. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silencesilencesilence 3 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible That is the piece of the mouse. That is the piece of the mouse. Thank you. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilence We were in the game, you are now interested in my mods. I am very interested in my mods, I am very interested in my mods. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, it's all about it. (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Clears throatClears throatClears throat (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (clears throat) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLEARS THROAT Silence Silence Music Singing in Spanish Singing in Spanish Singing in Spanish Singing in Spanish Silence Silence Silence Silence  Oh, what's this noise   Oh, what's this noise   Oh, what's this noise   Oh, what's this noise   Oh, what's this noise   Oh, what's this noise   Oh, what's this noise   Oh, what's this noise   Oh, what's this noise  (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)sighs Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Silence Silence (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible InaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music Silence Silence Inaudible Remark (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Music Music Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much for joining us. Inaudible Inaudible Remark 5, 2, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3, 4, Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Music Inaudible Remark MusicinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (indistinct) Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Background noise Thank you. you you you Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Inaudible Remark (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) Inaudible Remark Inaudible and we're attending our report to the Sunday conference month, and I wrote it on the evening, so I thought I'll be going through the group. Now, I'm getting through the conversation. Inaudible Remark Silence >> Here. >> Any decision? >> Yeah. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Soundsinaudible Inaudible Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Musicinaudible where the public are often raised and are considered as a bit possible. I mean, if you want to go to the bus, you know what I mean. Now I'm going to use something that I actually have to think of. I'm going to have a lot of money. I actually need a little bit to think about it. Can we check out those images?Music Music Music Inaudible Remark If you want to move on, tap the key. Tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the If you want to move on, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, tap the key, Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Inaudible Remark We're going to be doing some research on this. We're going to be doing some research on this. We're going to be doing some research on this. We're going to be doing some research on this.MUSIC Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Silence Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I don't think it's my time to go to school. I don't think it's my time to go to school. I don't think it's my time to go to school. I don't think it's my time to go to school. I don't think it's my time to go to school. I don't think it's my time to go to school. I don't think it's my time to go to school. I don't think it's my time to go to school. I don't think it's my time to go to school. I don't think it's my time to go to school. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark There's power, and I can't even do this for everybody. You are the king. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark You've been doing it that way. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Background noise 5 years, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5,Music Music Music Music Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Thank you very much. I'll be my blogger, full service, and I want to thank all of you for your hard work. Thank you so much for joining us today. Thank you very much. Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark And each time you touch the shackles you are sitting on. There is a hell of a few explanations to all the straws and lice. They don't fill the plate with the tape. But one of them is a very tight container, and one of them is a greenhouse bowl. I told you I didn't really choose to help, you know, that's why I didn't choose to help. You know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I didn't really choose to help, I didn't really choose to help, I didn't really choose to help. Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background noise Inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Very over there, what do you think of how I--INAUDIBLE 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years. 5 years, 5 years, 5 years, 5 years. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark for you to have a good story. You know those things that you can't be that dating of them. I can't tell that. I can't tell if you do what I thought for all the time. You need a term and a change or a change or a change. You need a disability. You still need a cancer and a good start. But... Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible a lot of years of reaching that point, and you already know how to reach that point. So if you're next to anybody that's a part of you, that's from the program. (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Okay, all right, let's see. All right, go on. We will. Okay, all right. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark You're running? Not running. Yeah. Yeah, now. There's something down. There's your... You're going to have to say, "You really want to be with me." You're going to have to say, "You really want to be with me." Okay. Okay. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Inaudible So, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm on the wrong side of the way. It seems like you're really missing the way. That's a good question. I guess you're really talking about what you should be doing. Yes. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Oh, a lot of people, and instead of me, you will shield the law. You will have to shield the law. You will have to shield the law. You will have to shield the law. You will have to shield the law. You will have to shield the law. You will have to shield the law. You will have to shield the law. You will have to shield the law. Inaudible You're not allowed to walk, you're sent. You're not allowed to walk, you're sent. You're not allowed to walk, you're sent. You're not allowed to walk, you're sent. You're not allowed to walk, you're sent. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Background noise Inaudible Remark Background noiseinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Music Music Silence I'm going to say that in front of the space gate, we're getting left bridge to the upper. Not being far back above the back of our end. We're going to go back and go to the upper right of the gate. Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background SoundsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (audience laughing) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark all of you from this city. How do you get food? All of the minutes. Excuse me. How do you get food? Get food. Come on, let's have some of us. There's some fascinating information. Pretty useful, isn't it? Very useful. Music Background SoundsMUSIC A lot of them are scared. It takes a lot. If you need to do this, just have them. It's quite a lot of them. If you want them in, please let them in. Exactly like that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I have, I'm going to say, some of the best ones are garbage. I don't know, I don't know both. I don't know both. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds We're looking for a stop-tips on the computer, one more stop-tips, but again, the economy will see the modern, so there's been a bit of a mistake, but we're not, we're not, we're not, boss, boss, business, everything. So if I have to stop, maybe it's this, maybe it's me. I'm not a hero, I forget it, but I belong to both the left and the right side of the world. I have confessed, I have been trying to be useful to all of us to be able to be told to be told. Every single one of us, by every one of us, have to sit in the front of the way we belong to. But it's not so important. I sing down a piece of the floor, my songs are missing names, these two are very large, I sing down a piece of the floor, my songs are missing names, these two are very large, But this course, I have a potion. You'll have to find out where you're going. You know, I'm going to see a mix. I'm going to take a bath for you. I'm going to see what you want me to do for that. I'm going to see what you want me to do for that. I'm going to see what you want me to do for that. Inaudible I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me. I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me, and I can see it in front of me. You can read it in your own email and say, "It's over the long path of the time." And then you can say, "Hey, those are some of those that are old and sick people." "They're not old and old, but they're seen with them." I don't know. I don't know. I have a big, big sign, actually, I don't think so, but I think I have a big sign, I think I have a big sign, actually, I don't think so, but I think I have a big sign, I think I have a big sign, I think so, but I think I have a big sign, I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I think so, but I I don't know what I'm saying, it's just a good deal. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) - That's nice, it's time. - Tax. (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Yes, you did not hold it. I'm not going to stop all that stuff, I'm going to have to share with you some of the most important things I've ever done. Really, that guy, he doesn't necessarily know how to do it. I'm just going to start with this. He wants to be pretty simple. He's got a lot of things to do. He's got a lot of things to do with him. He's got a lot of things to do with him. He's got a lot of things to do with him. You're very wise and kind now.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Send me. This is also the--INAUDIBLE No, listen. We brought a stranger to the match about five of the athletes. See, as fast as we can. because in peace, without friends, you are this world and my world.pauseinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) It's not fair, I'm going to have to run out of strength. You see? I'm going to have to run out of strength. If you see those, I'll pass on to you. Now, now, what are the seven parts that I mean? Yeah, that's it. So please, just a little bit more to walk in, or I can think of anything, huh? Accept it. What? Sorry, I didn't say that. No, I'm sorry. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I didn't say that.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible by afts.Music Music Inaudible Remark It has been a birth of 20 kids. I'm going to give it a 50.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yes, please, I'm safe. Yeah, we're good. Wait. I'll be still here, but I'm still here. I'm going to talk a lot about some people's things, okay. I mean, that's fine. But at least I found English in a lot of things. Besides, I'm going to speak English. Inaudible RemarkMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (laughing)MUSIC We believe for a few hours an incident will all be separate. It will be doing it. It's a very bad thing. It has to be right. It has to be right. It's not supposed to be in the next place. It has to be all around by the ass. I'm not suggesting that you do the work there, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah I think he will be great as it seems. He has a strong sense of his right and his right, and he has a lot of tremendous amount of experience. He's here in the leadership of the family of thoughts. He's here in the leadership of the family of thoughts. Thank you very much. Very wise, by chance.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, you know, I'm not a single person, and it's kind of boring, but it's boring. So, I'm not a single person, but I'm not a single person, but I'm not a single person. This is going to be a little bit of a slow lot. This is going to break it down. I'm going to put it in the parking spot. I'm always going to put it in the parking spot. I'm going to put it in the parking spot. I'm going to put it in the parking spot. I'm going to put it in the parking spot. I'm going to put it in the parking spot. I'm going to put it in the parking spot. I'm going to put it in the parking spot. I'm going to put it in the parking spot. Inaudible Wow, now we can rather begin the space moment. Beautiful. You better do it. Okay. We were just a staff in the game once. Yeah, I heard. When we finished, it's now going to be peaceful and fun. Inaudible Remark So I'll let you know how you love this folder. It's in a bar and it's in a folder. I don't know how to say anything about it. You know what? You know what I mean? It's an easy disclosure. Anybody know? It's in the early days of the household. What holds me? Here's a word for this. I think it's one of the best things, no, I'm not, I think it's one of the best things, no. I'm not, I'm not, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I'm not, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I'm not, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I'm not, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I'm not, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I think that's the one of the best things, no, I think that's the one of the best I think it's one of the best things, no, I think it's one of the best things, no, I think it's one of the best things, no. for the sake of the Lord. (audience member speaks off mic) (audience member speaks off mic) This is not my thing, Mrs. (audience member speaks off mic)Music It was 17 tickets.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Well, I'm glad to see you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And if you cannot have one problem set, stand up for more than 30 years, you'll see that the work is small by, and if you want, I'll give you some. We'll give the camera. We'll get this out. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC (laughing) (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) There's no problem with the problems, but there's not enough of that.PausePause Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Pause PauseMUSIC That's it. Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark of context, the plot of being the small problem of all of the human beings, is the problem. Since all of the people that show up from the ground, there's still a need of me to stand up. It's easy, isn't it? Yes. A lot of others follow the work of being. Being able to talk to others, it's up to the question now.Music I would just see the people who want to see me like a piano, a lot of fun, people like me. I would just see the people who want to see me like a piano, a lot of fun, people like me. I would just see the people who want to see me like a piano, a lot of fun, people like me. I would just see the people who want to see me like a piano, a lot of fun, people like me. I would just see the people who want to see me like a piano, a lot of fun, people like me. I would just see the people who want to see me like a piano, a lot of fun, people like me. I would just see the people who want to see me like a piano, a lot of fun, people like me. I would just see the people who want to see me like a piano, a lot of fun, people like me. I would just see the people who want to see me I would just see the people who want to see me like a piano, a lot of fun, people like me. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark We should get that, be certain about how this is going to be, it's powerful, it isn't powerful. But where are the several of us on this thing, being happy with what's going on? It was just really, it's fine. Bye. Interesting.INAUDIBLE Background Sounds Well, I don't know if it's the right time, it's the right time. It's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, it's the right time, I don't know if it's the right time, I don't know if it's the right time, I don't know if it's I have to start, I know it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's not a long time, it's Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music This is it, it's you. I just sit at the ground and try more than that of your family. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I just sit at the ground and try more than that of your family. Inaudible Remark I'm trying to look back and keep silly or silly. I'm going to be very, very silly. I'm going to be very, very silly. I'm going to be very silly. I'm going to be very silly. I'm going to be very silly. I'm going to be very silly. I'm going to be very silly. I'm going to be very silly. I'm going to be very silly. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark That needs to be said. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Also, I've got a few of them, find it works. Very nice brush. I don't remember.INAUDIBLE Put it down. I'm going to tell a bird. OK, here you go. I think we're going to go with names.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (dog barking)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Music Music Music Silence (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) Silence Silence Music Music I'm not going to get a piano, it's a tune.MusicMUSIC What are you doing?COUGH I think I'll finish the show as well. You will have been making servant. Written to you, servant. For an arm. Written to you, I am so sorry about the constant. Yes, and he's too short. What's the heaven in it now? What's that? You're all excuse me. I'm all in the same. Oh, see what's in that window? Can you sit back? You had a stop on the back. So, uh, this should be more important, right, in the spare. For, again, to drink up that, that fucking boss, I am going back to be.MUSICMUSICMUSIC Music (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (dramatic music) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) Did you know the stress short is a lifespan? Is it one of the other two or anything? You should have not go out with us. (indistinct) So I don't want you to know. I think I'm going to have a lot of difficulty. I've got a couple of bad moral policies I've talked to you out of my name. You should, you should not toss up, which is what it means to you. It's better than it means. See, the policy is going to have to be about ten days. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music >> Should I have a personal message? You have to obtain here? >> No. >> Oh, what's the document? What? >> What? >> What? >> What? What? audience. I'm excusing you. This moment, I would expect an unsolven kind of occasion. Oh, yes, sorry. I forgive you for not shaming hands, it's my wax. I mean, I've been in a minor because I'm thinking how does that get off? Do I tend to go back in the Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time, thanks for your time Hello, my name is Max, and I'm from Cuba to study. This is my first film, "Public Science." It's just that. Hello, I'm Peter Zhu, and one of the two of you know, Are you? There'll be nothing standing. How long will the board be faster? How to sit and you fill those one with hands? All the way. Where will it be? We'll get it, support. But I never pay my attention to the little thing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Not like him. He said, "Oh, let's see what we're going to need in the next day." And he spoke into that book. Okay. Excuse me. Wait. Go. Go. Go. Go. (sniffing) (sniffing) (dramatic music) - I love you, boss. - I love you too. - I'm sure I'm saying goodbye already to study. You see, they've already said they've won. You think something was wrong? That's why. I think it's something wrong. You can't say something stupid about that. You might only need not say it's a spy hat. You could perhaps see that in your hands. I'd use it. As? Gold. Three, two, three. Please.MusicMUSIC Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark You can watch the video here on this line of work. Looking forward to the next week. Looking forward to the next week. Good night. Of course, people. Don't forget to hit the subscribe button.MUSIC I've been by the dance for four years of dancing and I've never seen a dance class in the country. I'm sorry. You did fire. Where I killed my boss on the streets. I already looked at him. I don't treat him. That make me feel good today. Let me see. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But I don't. Right. Bye. Bye. - Have a good day. It's that decision you've got all the day, oh, it's, I feel like, I'm going. I have to go. It's our same shirt. Well, lost track of the pain. It's not what you think. I'm tuned. I'm going to tune the pianist for 43 years to 10. It's well on camera. It's a great marriage. I tune that piano the morning and the concert and it was fun.Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark You don't get to know that. You can't shut them off with life for payment. Once the object doesn't really get to you. Not bad work. A bro or so to me. I've made it in. I'll get it soon. Oh, but without the news, I'm going to see you again. You might be wanting to be in one of these. No, no. I'll see you tomorrow. Come in, Alex. I'll see you. No, you can't. You know, I see the law, instead of my boundary, which I say simply, I will not respond, but I realize what you might draw a manager on the law, and it's your law, there is some (speaking in foreign language) I'm still at the top of the field again. She can't stop. She's been working for years. I've been able to make food. I've been able to solve the need that you've found to show me some. Put that in the back. I'll let you. It's time to do trot. I like to hear. I am busy. I prefer walk out to stay. We're going to have to save each other in the same time. Virgin will talk to you. Now, I've got enough of this nonsense. He says his words will be in you. Give me. It is me. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. You have a time, so I'll be back, and you know where the plastic is, that's it. The important part is, oh, it's a real mafledged. Oh, do you want to go back? I love a lot of them. Let's go. You think you want to leave me with the vision? That's bad. I don't know. Have a nice day. So, say it for me.Music Waiting on, there's a group of them. Park team. Sorry about that. So, I just had a phone call to make and I have lost in a good thing. This is the makeup. You're not. That's what I'm sorry about. Well, it's better. If you feel anything, it's a dual lead. It's a job. How do you do it in any one of our work? That's it. Wonderful dream. Is that what you think it is? Only a dream. I saw that, I even jumped in. I'm sorry. Well, I'm very grateful. I've got my studies in New York and I will find something similar. So, I have a whole new study, so I can teach you as well. Thank you. I think you bet. Very precisely, man. Very gentle, fuller. I'll be there. Wait, wait, wait, I didn't stand. But you wouldn't shoot. He's the one. You know. I'll shoot. Ah, first off. - Yeah. After the food came to you, it was off ahead, well thank you. However, we did it a few times on the ball with Richard. Oh, thank you. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. Music >> Oh, wait a minute. Music >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE I made myself scared. It's worth it. This is that. I sense it to the other thing. It's written by this sound you don't. Well, I'm at the top of it. This is the album I bought. There's my animals. None of this. I'm ready. Do you want to do the bus in one time? It's as fast as I can, sir. When was the last time you saw you at my... When you thought I wouldn't... My steps on... Same, same. Oh yeah, I... I'll put it right here over the back. I just... All this stuff. in life, trying to be speak, make a piece about mine, hold it, and get in the long years. I've got the jewel on me for many times. I also want to say that was really about that. Then I saw the honky suit of things. Where I met a former student of mine, Nicole Gabby, she was living with my friend, and I saw him at my side, and his hair is in his dress, red and white shirt and blouse of style. When did you meet? Nice to see you again. I am innocent. I mean that's amazing. It's sick. I'm telling you. I'm not sure. You know what? I don't want to stop that. I want to stop that. I want to stop that. I want to stop that. I want to stop that. I want to stop that. I want to stop that. I want to stop that. I want to stop that. I want to stop that. I want to stop that. I want to stop that. I want to stop that. The last five opportunities we have now, we have worked during the Second World War in 2013. In a early underground, which was the President of the 14th, 7th, and 11th. He has made a month of money, but he carries the open debt of Fortune 500 countries. I'm going to roll one and work the handy one here in the center, and that is just the way it's saying. Well, it's all on the one leg. Some of it. Yeah, and as I was purchasing a file, this pants weren't the only thing we had to shoot. We also carried a $200,000 policy on cis-murge ship. But you're being then not to rob for each of us. You're wrong. in the year for someone selling Alex Celix. >> I don't believe mine was dead. >> I don't remember what was here. >> What? >> It's not that long. >> See. I didn't show my mouth. It's not. Neither way. I would turn a cat blower that I was talking to door. This is the foundation that says I'm home. So I would have a gym suit, and I never felt like I'd be allowed to do it. If I were you, me, I'd talk to everybody. That's it. Now it's time to talk to yourself, the boys have a chart here, are they? I just have to say that I'm just, it's just to save your true, I know you wish you would be the same for the rest of your life, it would be a very powerful moment. She's not cheap, can I get $2,000 out of $1,000 for her? Rather have her live. What you'd use to be when you need to first have a marry? I don't remember. Those are some pretty good days. Yes. They were. They were. Do you need any of these? I really do. Yes. You'll be in my room today. Slide it down in the cap. You might have any of those onions. Yeah. I'll be right. Yeah. I'll be right. I'll be right. Slide it down in the cap. in my year of birth, certainly obviously, in the 30th of October, the 30th of October, I would want that to happen. Hey, well, give Mr. Leg, the first five around it, and I'd get up. What about that lit? What do you think I'm going to pay for the change? I'm going to get a sauce too, I have it. This is a soda bit. I'll bet you're going to win. I'm going to help the policy. I'm just going to finish it. I don't know if it's your baby, it's your son. It's that truth. Where did it? To be. Okay. Keep your bloody boss. Keep being. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. It was buried in Mrs. Mauricio's personal name. We just started with this one. I'm clear. What are we going to do? The right set was obviously just a couple, because nothing was missing. Now, salad shows up on the political side of the society. So, I worked on extreme editing set in 2001. I think it has been done with good news. What we have? We've got some friends online. Two sets. We're going to stay. The Indians want you ready, and they kill themselves when you go. You're a bit in that too. You're a bit in the habit. As soon as we go out of this, we're going all the same one time. When he's just in the grove and he gets there. That bit was tight on that machine. I can tell you the same. If the kids deal with your companies or the hook and your act, like I just gave you a pet toy, you know, or something. I'll be left in the restaurant in case you're sorry. Here it is. It's very good. I sure like the beer as well. We do that. Hello? Hello. Can you hear me? I'm the name of your opponent. That is Charfer. The classic monster. I know I assure you that's the money. So, remind me of the director, kind of the sound. (speaking in foreign language) Anyway, your hotel trips back and forth to New York in one, two, one, two. (speaking in foreign language) I know I'm just a lonely child. So, would you let me know something? You really think more I think you'll miss one. Oh, awesome. Next, you guys tell me that it's a little early in the day for that, even for you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible to consume an internal bottle of sugar, all to be in. I think it's got a half a million pounds of sugar. In his actions, I think I'll drop it in my seat. I may be able to stop all the work, something to tell a little bit. Music Music - Is Franco? - It's right over here. - Chips. - He's a chibet. (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music >> Which is that name for? I don't know, there is a reasonable explanation why you are sitting here, trying to make a decision. But girl, boss, what do you know? Give me $500,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, Give me 500,000, I will give you 100,000, store 1, I will draw that back, I can't see the way I am trying to put it. you know that the impossible is all you didn't notice even with the hand over there my name of the time is most I'm actually a bit much but now we don't need to be so arrested with that he's convicted that will save the company 200,000 dollars sent me Living in an apple party, I do not wish to accept it as a very detailed, but hardly just come on! It's been a bunch more over the earth, the lack of the fight for a machine, and it brought about to be a sort of kill-up last night. I've made it to last that versus part, although it's a death penalty, but it wasn't a death penalty. Oh, you got a mark on this thing, you know, you don't burn it, you don't need to eat it with the walls and even the starch can't, you'll never get back to this minute. One day, you pass it. You know, with the weight out, you need to go get it, you want to suit it. Well, they can depart if they want to. I have to tomorrow, for one thousand years, the tickets were not just nearly two months and not two months. Of course, it was heaven to be eternally asleep, for the second day you'll be gone. It means you're back, afraid you did. I don't know if anyone else. Yeah. The average person is killed in 30 years is a bad teacher or a map, but it certainly indicates that some being that else is a good example. The average person was there in April and under the test, but the result of the confidential so what we're making could just call the doctor. Here in our hall. Good girl. Maybe I'll have to stop the hunt. Where am I? Well, the counter-genre of the worry. Let's see. Oh, it's going to be a lot of trouble. It's not going to be a lot of trouble. Oh, hey, I'm going to have to do it. Yeah. I'll go now. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) No, he told me about the test, how long it was more, you know, I didn't think it'd seem like. I was afraid, he was very honest with everybody, he's speaking. Yes. "Genergent Parvast." I was expecting. "Celebrating the day." He said. That's him. Well, yeah, it's all in very many, because I'm not a bit better. We're going to get any more of last any more, and it's really good. Now, more, I mean, apart from Z, We have the barb of the other, the barb of the other, the barb of the other, the barb of the interior. Wait, excuse me, Mr. Poverman. Our rights are not made in such a way. Absolutely, it would be the right time. The barb of the other is the room. We might be able to get past that position, so there is a giant, even work. The large and more interesting question is how do you get a rooming? I would say that the barb of the other is the rooming. The barb of the other is the rooming. The barb of the other is the rooming. The barb of the other is the rooming. The barb of the other is the rooming. The barb of the other is the rooming. The barb of the other is the rooming. The question is, how do we deal with roomies? Music >>Inaudible >>Inaudible I can't leave you just like that. I told you mine still in school and I have nothing for. I really don't like this. It's something, and I'm also a lot aware of different ages. But you'll be only with a thing as well. Thank you very much. I'll get it. No, let it. This one. Hello. There's a Mr. Sand downstairs to see you. Well, there's a one now. I'll turn it into the bathroom. I'm sorry, Mr. Marsh, but it's been a big hit, Bob. He said we have a champion. Oh. Oh. Thank you very much, thank you. Okay, really, nothing. No need. I have a big need for this. Please, I have a big need for this. I think it's best if we are seated for a while. I'll hug you. You won't. No. You won't. No. Everything's strange. I have a big need for this. It's so small. I don't have a lot of people, I don't have a lot of people, I don't have a lot of people, but I actually didn't have faith, I really didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't have faith, I didn't I'm just saying, the case should be narrowed up. You didn't tell you because I knew what you'd say. The story of way back into isn't true even in a sandal. So you can watch it, that's all. When you strike and counter it, then... push me to counter it. Sorry. Just hit it. I see the bell in the red hat, that we've been using soon. Knowing how much you like it, about to be a bottle of silver. Check. Please get it to me and stand on it. Check. Check. I'm not even thinking about purchasing it. I'm a fairly low 10-15 dot without at least one set of bridge. You know, that's the same as the set of my feet. But they were those that I had serious doubts about. But... I don't say that, that, well, that's it, it was just an epic hell. It was an epic hell. It was an epic hell. It was an epic hell. It was an epic hell. It was an epic hell. It was an epic hell. (buzzer) - Did you hear that? - No, she didn't. - And there, there was that doctor, to see how he knew this was soon to fall. His name was Hum, Dr. Hum. He was the one that died in the sun, left. Your own state, terrible of the sun, people, and in the case of the illness, the end of the video, get a five out of three, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, cut them, I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. the results of the bustling scene violence, and I, well, apparently, if you're interested in this, if you value a whisper, say, "If you vote for the fire, "you will see no effect, Central." I could piece together one of our other intriguing scenarios. I'd be fairly clear that, well, I have seen the system possibly. but now I do know why you will not be out of your life if you will explode in it or quit. She probably also said that you would set the fire in it, and she knew it was wrong when you did it. You know again some seems stupid. But I shouldn't have. Well, if you bad fly off, If you're scared of me, to be able to, if you're just a team that's monster, yes, but why? Just do it in the way of it. It's scary, it shows blame. You had to get rid of it in such a way that someone else accused of the crime. Your steps, it's a logical penalty. So I'm not going to have a lot of peace of speech, and you'll have your son-in-law, you'll like a loathe, no, ah, you won't have a son-in-law. Maybe certainly there's a time, but do you think of the wall? Do you re-entered the building? Do you have a service there? Do you have another service there? And you wait till the steps are lit? Then you can't leave here, and you shot your butt! You're going to need to be patient, you're going to need to be patient, you need to be patient, you need to be patient, you need to be patient, you need to be patient, you need to be patient, you need to be patient, you need to be patient, you need to be patient, you need to be patient, Okay, let's do it. Okay. So I'm going to do this. brilliant food, are I supposed to have shots like white, when these, if they've done that, they've been puzzled, but I like the piece of evil about it. Tell me Mr. Salon, if you really want it. Why do you bring me the chain of arms, this is the one thing to keep warm, it's kind of not the case with the kitchen, but it's just a tin million dollar, at first did you not get the same something? You know, at a house, it's my living saving my phone line.INAUDIBLE So we're talking in black and white, it's such a nasty thing to do. I've heard that you've been a tube jet, I'm sharing the general stuff. I'm not free. Ten percent will be more back. It's a personal check. It's at the moon. Oh God. Silence You were very clever. It's not important you were only me. It's not like you have this full return. Oh, no, it isn't. You are not. I was kidding, I killed lots, I could kill again, nothing, you can't shoot them, it was a little pain, I was a baby on the mat. This is what you might expect as long as we have to rule over this. This is nothing. We are the first human heart. What? We are the first human heart. I want to touch you, so you don't want to. I'll start the party. We'll live in China. We're placing the rehearsals. We're black. We're so happy to hear it. No. Let's speak up. We'll visit you again. To far. Okay. Very nice. So, for nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, But what would be the benefit he had to offer? All that's in. Yes, friends, we're just about to get a seven-year-long stay. Achievement.MusicMusicMusicMUSICMusicPausePauseinaudible I don't want to be going too long. Leave him too long. Oh, what? I'll stand here and give him a life. Look to us. What are they going to do? Do you want a doctor? I don't want one that's too weird or that. You can do it again. You know.MusicMusic Music (speaking in foreign language) One bridge, it's nice to be there. Yeah, I had the builds, I just wanted to share the balance bridge. Reading out of the job, didn't show the machine. There you go! I'm not interested in your boyhood friend's time. Only a legal attribution is a political advantage. (coughs) - It's a new month, it's a month. (coughs) Get to fall. Your fifties one of your throats after that, then you're in good tests. - You know, if you have a steel mat, then you should have a iron mat. You fall to us, then wait and sling clean. You should. - Oh, I got it. It was still my guts, not my guts. with this protection for a ridden of change right in and we love ages so your friends can't find you. That's indeed a really too common so start talking. I don't want to love on soldiers. Tell me to drop a cross. What would you spend my life? You'd take me to the top of the Aghaine City. Right now. Tsk. Why did you come?MUSIC PLAYINGINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC Music >> Yes, I have a lot of feelings about this. >> We can send something on a modern energy. >> Oh yeah, that's cool. >> I'm sat in the finger at the time from the clock. >> Yeah, I've been in Boston. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Thank you very much. I want to spend it. So is my wife, our dear deceased. She's a family in the Boston tomb. Why did they have to go out and bring us to our aunt here? It's all to go to the death. That's all for it, and we both have a lot of failure, Bob. Please, don't let her set you. This is a family matter. I'm your family, Michael. This is your family. Please don't keep secrets from us. I'll be in shock. I'll get a moment. and this is important to us, it's a three of us. Have I actually reformed? No. But you have a way to time around the truth. I mean, before we were married, it happened that you thought about it until it's synth. That's how you were bit back in the night, and now he looks against her. Well, I don't want that anymore, and besides, what we propose on my part of the business, the legitimate part. I tell you what I mean before I do something wrong. I need you to lie, and things will go my way, but you won't have to worry about that. I'm a ton of sound district. I swear you will still not happen. What? You didn't see her? Can't. So can I. Music I've been in there for 30 years. Oh yes, well I remember saying it every time. You met? The new man. Oh, when did that happen? Once, once. I'm going to show you the food still quite much. How long does it take? Change your mind, and be in the top. It is a pattern. Old, old, fabric. It's a little bit. Back, as I said, a little bit. It's slightly injured. I'm not taking that all the work then. What about the leather boots, please? I don't have gone for a day. Into anything.LAUGHTER Are you going to miss my room? This is a room. I'm going to be free. Ah. You're in the front. Sweatness?LAUGHTER (indistinct) - Hello, I'm your latest can. - I'm at the river. - Oh, the new mountain got the polyole bridge. - Oh, girls, who's from the region this place was spare for us. That's for the new men, the four children of Rome, they're the champion of policy in their village. - Oh, my child, it's cold. What did you like in the New York Times? But no, we haven't really had the whole of our gym late, and the Sarah with Cup Bar cancha. That's right. Do they still make it with clients? Contentious? It's not. It doesn't make me too aware of everything. What he is. >> Is everyone here? Everyone on my list is here. >>INAUDIBLE >> What happened? >> What? And you look at last much way. I'm going to shave my eye every day, I'm going to get it smaller. Tell me the skills you need. Tell it to me. What? I'm going to have to go under the front of the shape. You're carrying my grand hat. I'm going to be more beautiful. I also look so good on that red.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE That's it, why don't you do it? Make another round of the side. That's it, why should everybody such a round of the-- please, I never saw you go so good with that. Excuse me. You OK? Back the back, and you had to sit down. Yeah, I had to sit down. OK. This sit down. (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) This is old one. (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) I'll see you here, your priorities are useful to this adult's time to that, is writing the book, is it important to see it all the time? Yes, but I have to answer, sorry about the situation. Well, it would make you happy, remember? This is the way to write a time, but not to pick up some things. Sorry, it's a private part.INAUDIBLE Do you know who I am?INAUDIBLE So, don't be amazed. My father can bear all the damage he has done. Just tell him. You bring me one of the best family, and if you look at me like that again, up or down your address. Hi. Hi. Hi.Music I don't say it's okay. I always say, "Mario, go back to the beach from there." Just a little bit of seaweed in a bottle. Then if it's not the word, it will provide advice. I just validate you're into the middle. It's one I want, and if it's wrong, it's well enough to eat. Now, maybe the bitch will burn it. Why, bitch? No! Please, let it go! You know what I'm saying? Just like in the market. Why, what's the matter with you? Why don't you put a band again? It's all about what? Black shit down. God, Michael wants to make a bad change. We have been lost. Hey, talk it over, Mike. We're only at the cost of the beginning. Until we expand and close with Mike. There are strong threats. I don't like that happy bro. The other pair was able to set up a change because they have not shots. But we'll have a bit of a bit of a suicide of weeks. You know, we'd love to stride, we'll care for one of you. A lot of my teachers started with a pretty good life. But my wife, the only reason why you don't want to make a chance is because you want to enjoy making something different. You did what you wanted. I hate it the time I've been speaking, and I'm hard to go. The baby has a lot of hard studies in the future, and then all you can do is knock on some of your children. No more! No more! Don't you know what you're gonna do, Rose? All right, I'm gonna bring you. I've heard it in a pop. I'm gonna see you next time. Excuse me. Wait.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I'm going to get a moment to get it. So, we're going to make it, we're going to make it straight to the other end, huh? Let it go, what you're doing, I think it gets, then I think it gets. Here I was very sure of that. So, we'll take care of our kids. I'm going to get the orders, get the shaw and roll them. I have a bath. It's a carry-stop now, man. Well, that's the orders.MUSICMusic (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) I don't think I can be like that, it's my day off. Shoot him down, he won it on the floor, sir. The ball's still in the search. I don't think I've failed to get you to do the British S. (murmuring) (triumphant music)Music Music And trust everything that's satisfied for that. What happened to him? Well, it took his phone call in my office, sir. It's only about... It was the accident, well, from here. I mean, I was being alone for the very four minutes. He wouldn't just leave me here, and I was... Ah, sorry about it. We should get help.INAUDIBLE Say your friend's badge, you're going to serve him. Yes, he's at the table to take a personal talk and then change. Hold him. What was that about? What was the idea? I had to go to the laundry room. What did he mean? I thought he happened to have a ball of his back. He's a petitioner. Talk to him. Well, then you're right. You've got a person to be bothered. He's acting, isn't he, he's not trying to return there immediately after dinner. If he's been called back, he would have taken me with him. He hasn't gone all in up from this university twice, but in the bottom. He's actually a person. He's playing better at friends, peer forwards. Not literally, I mean, he's sitting down, he's just sitting there. Get the details, Sergeant, I'll wait a minute, yes, sir. Far, once we've been in the restaurant for a decade, we've been interested in a fact. Climb and claw, I don't know, I'm not saying it. What time was it? Alright, I'll take a look here. We'll talk on the way. On the way to the end. Well, the plan made worse. I'll find out what happened to your friend. I didn't shoot the best part, but that's how it's done. So there's more of a detective announcement. I'll tell you later. You go ahead. Hey, hey. No. No. It's kind of, you know, cash. Well, I would say that I'm going to make a lot of association about me. I'll be right back to you in terms of your free internet. No, but that's what I'm going to have to do with that. I'll just visit you. Then, no. I'll be free. That's all for now. you know, far more than self-respect. Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Why don't you tell them why they're trading? Yeah, yeah, yeah, this is for this friend. Hey, great. I should use a guy to advance this in my blood. Is that a part of your mind? Yeah, there was a bird on it, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, a chit-burp, Judd has been treated recently in his farm farm. Uh, one of the farmers was a spielstown. He can't get a piece of that, so he's got a little bit of fat, but overlapped. No, most of the kitchen? No. I don't see what the busboy's built for. Looks like you had blood from it, but you guys, we brought it on you. But you've had the time to take it off of the kitchen. You can turn it, you know what's happening. The last thing that's a human blood, I don't know what a lot would you perpetrate. Something's happening. (Music) Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark What did you talk to me about, you know, I'm a smart enough to be both of them again. Is this what I'm saying on it now? I'm sure this is sledge and told you I was sonned to my virgin. and he told us that he was always very nice to us that he found out that there was an urgent situation where he could call for a doctor and find the cabs beneath a young man who had lived here. Michael told me he was by the reshot accidently, nothing at all was brought to the hospital. off. That's sort of a thought. But Christmas and bad boy, and it's a bullet box, dangerous way to close to his heart. I suggest the hospital for me is something that they did have that. It's not my parents' mind. One, look at my coffee, chill in the pond. I'll film. What did they say in this part? When the blue disease was high and heated, you see, I was going to say, "Oh, bridge." And then, like the Ronald D. Wright's book convention, I think the D.O.R. My concern is that I'm not telling anyone what's there to be moved by me, but my concern is that patients and barbages are not from them. I don't think very suspicious, I'm trying to stop me explaining it, but I just want to sleep on it and track away it. Or would he rather have been wired away from me all night?MUSIC Oh, what happened that? best fellow off his vital signs, seemed to improve color back to the space and then the Michael I think it was had the Bob Siegel in his driving next to him. You still on the idea of slightly sitting and dying to it. No, although I had a pretty good eye and he was not some kind of I'm not a big big chef, but it's a name for our own business. boss up. Oh, sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss I'm not going to be able to do that, I'm not going to be able to do that, I'm not So you see the FBI sent me to order to stop me or anyone. They want to talk to you guys. Why? I don't need you to ask. You want to see all of you. I always saw the bullet come out. I said, you didn't see it. I always look here. You have hard nights. You need some sleep. I need both rooms to build up. We got no energy, including breakfast, room service. Where are you? At the moment. Why, is he going back home in a sum of weapons? Yes, well, that's... Well, the worst thing that I've ever done is that they've always witnessed a change in names. We're location probably in time.Music Sorry, if I emergency would come and give them, but I couldn't stay there when I fucking bothered. I thought about it all night, and when I was staying, my mother was not allowed to be there for at least. But I won't be married to you. the gates that this is made. I followed the shabbat's night when we were leaving the rest room. We found a doctor in the trailer, seemed like he was dead in bed, but now we're out there. Sound should attack the king. We've had an order to set me up here and fix up an 830 shot. How will you still have a minute or two, old frat? I may prepare you the torch. I'll be right back. Oh, that happened just dropped in the house. Yeah. That's no talk. That's the long time. I'm getting better, then. Music So, to make the necessary connections, we should actually make a line for that. I'd rather be on the expressway or rather to accompany the poem. She is in the middle of a family of time like this. What are you doing by my father's death? I'd rather the time out of me than be represented. some of the other five weeks of course they all are not working somebody did wanted to take him by the morning I'd love to have you all like to think about what to see more beginning and beginning to get through my whole trip I totally absorb hope and hope (coughing) (coughing) - I don't like that, man. He doesn't want you. - He doesn't have to care that I want it all or we want to find it, we'll reach it and find it. Remember to take a good heart look at the books. - You know you're beginning to feel all right? The power? No, you're wrong, Denise. The only power I want is the power to understand me around. Now if you can't believe that, then you should walk out of here right now.silence So, I want to give over to God. So, I want to give over to God. Thank you. So, I'm not even gonna get, now I'm gonna draw the 100 of my snacks from sidewall to sidewall because I don't know what it is, it's a keynotch, and it's something that doesn't happen. Alright, well, I'm just setting, why the Lord is going on here? We're up in the top of the door at the end. We don't tell the end, yeah, I was gonna pick a stopper, this one's up. So, I don't know where to get it at first. I told you to get him to hospital. Oh, what happened? I saw a certain time in the chest. It was like a racing movie. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. I was in a car. more and then south. Was it because of your medicine doctor? Is it a hard-gathered food provider? No, it's sandwiches. I help you do now. Marco, watch them.Music (baby crying) - Let me hold it. (baby crying) - What's so done? - Those are still like going on. - She walking up. - Lucky for that hair, baby. - Yep. (dog barking) You can just, you can be on the TV. Oh, well, well, well, what? Now, this time you say goodbye to Bob. I'm from Sydney. Oh, you're back! You can't. But I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, Oh, yeah. What do you mean, give him a Latin perfect? Well, what have I done? He was not spotty, right? No, I was saying, look, I don't care if you guys are really lucky yet. He could talk and swim up. Did there ever be a rest? I had a problem. I'm not hiding in a private place. Say you're going to be in a mission or a route. You've got to see where this is. People. They are table, Danny. What did I say to the animal tent? You've got short windows. This is where I'm going to put my foot. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so You called in the preservation, you make sure that I already knew you were a doctor, right? You never want me to seem just a little bit longer than you. Doctors are going to need you. Doctors won't be afraid to call a doctor. You just don't know what it is needed. The more you're smart, the more you're smart, the more you need it. Go ahead, give me the doctor. All right, Sal, you got it, give me now. What are you going to do with someone to meet? Someone to zoom into the charlotte room. So he wasn't even here last night, so I'll walk him to my box and stay top-up to you now. If you want to get a shine back, you'll run the boat while I spend the whole evening here. You'll fall. Don't know how we take care of the sad. It's mad, it's a duck, and you'll be a old bachelor. Now, when you need it, I'll be-- (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I tried to tell her to be like that, was she the guy knocked on? The man has been decided yet. You want that new ball? Yeah! So he just enough, I used to hunt with a handful of the daughter on a day day. I bought the smell of meat and the working. The last thing you've got today afternoon. Now I can't even burst into the puree. I'm sorry if you people pose a real problem to me, I'm trying to tell you this is all a genuine family, but a genuine bit of business, and now my brother is killing me, I'm not showing the saddle. Let me examine your father, find out the cause of death. I don't know about it. Look, it can't hurt him at all. At least we'll help him get us out of his sight. Okay, now take a look, or whatever you find, some you burst. If you share it, put a brain to your body, bury it somewhere. Good. Well, for the Hick and Hick, Johnny Scott, you would have had so much fun while it was making me jealous. Well, if that really is spent. This is what I should have done to you, hell of it. I really want you to sit down and laugh about that. I think you can kill all the Shana Fowler, but he had enough bone having fast. So there was no need for a family? Your brother is very close call. Yes, but I have managerial experience. Enough. I would like to do a tool test for him. He will be convinced you can take some sort, right? My pleasure. Well, what was my search for you, but you were right about something going wrong with a father's heart. Are you saying my father's death was natural? Far from it. There were scratches and blood on his cup I write down. Clearly something. Closed in objection. By you, if you will recall, I'll give you a file, exactly one in the objection and that So we're asking it in the finished show. But now we are thinking that also the time you left in my bottom line. Let's see what the problem is. Excuse me. We're here.BANGBANGBANGBANG >>INAUDIBLE You're the final measure. You want to search it. I'm not doing anything wrong. You want to do something there. It will be a spot which you name as an introduction. It increases the strength of the decretions of the heart. It's going to be that one. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. I have a little more to add. advantage to take a look at.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic That was a pretty silly pain for others that could talk about it then. They give back to someone better. But they walk much less than you would. They walk mildly, but they do less. That's sure, and they matter as much as they tell them. What do they want me to do? Kill the doctor? At the moment. Do you want sacrifice? I'm saying, bye bye, how did you buy me this time? I don't even know about it. But if you don't do what the other family wants, you will lose all respect. If you find it, you'll lose respect for the obrussies. You won't shut them into nothing. It's the most away. It's the only way. You won't go to war with this. What do you say, don't you? I don't know. I'm a man. She's not a man. or a brand such as notions, but the best one. It's like a waltz of shuffling. Yeah, seeing that around, we didn't know we'd seen. But then we said, "See, I'll see, I'll do this part." This is beginning to make sense, and to begin. It's an extinguished boss and done. Oh, yeah, I'm going to miss it, but I'm going to play it soon, so perhaps we're going to talk about some other things. I can't be the person that I'm going to talk about. I'll be getting into some of my phone, so I need to tell you that it's really power up. I'll just talk about it. But what I saw about it. Since you need time, you spark and single baby. Set. You need to get up. That's what you need to do, Jason. Not by both. Both. That should be down here. I can't. We'd rather. All right, both. Now I'm going to operate this just in a fashion. Please come and have a telegram. We will go to the Law Commission Department. and tell him that we are being killed by the blue sea family that family can't come to me now. I don't know if you can remember it, but again we... It's okay, sir. I think I'll be there in a new world. You don't have guts. It doesn't think guts to kill the victims people, sir. Okay. You do. Got it in your body. Blow them away. Get away from me. Get out of the way. I mean, that's not. Do you mean the garlic right up the handle? No way. Pop it in the wood. You should do something like that. You don't get it to me. Both. Please.MusicMUSIC >> Look at you. That bar should be a giggle to the wire. >> All right, your mouth is from my. We're assigned to an emergency 911 publicating the house. >> No one may be able to pull it in here. >> I, this is my mouth. >> This is a fleshy. >> It's not that it has that. I was a little kid, but I ordered a hand and a hand and my brother sat. I told you about getting the ring clicky. While we were only mildly waiting before, our bridge would be safe. I, first, mildly, wasn't quite the way we found the dead in it. But we still don't have one heart. Well, I mean, it's the reason that a hit man and a bad one shot is them spreading the acting with his father, and that he won't. If someone was supposed to come, I wouldn't be able to see. He's going out. Where's the club? Yeah, I don't know. What do you think they're doing here? This is a good career. Where are you? Is your mother's name, Lauren? No, it's bad. She flirted with all the men. Wow, that's... She said it before. Well, stay your day with this planet. I know you can't come on through. This is a good... This is a flash in her knee, Totsi. Oh. The museum cannon was a table. You too. Oh, I was on top of the ship, and we should swear at God. God, what a talent for me.BANGINGINAUDIBLE How's it going? This is Russian ribbon. It was sounding impressive when it comes to this. This is enough to survive, but it's all around the city today. I had a dress made for the wedding. The last thing you've got today I've been doing. Now I can't even burst into the funeral. I want you to be here today. You are a man that you were scheduled to go to Italy with your husband, but you didn't cancel it. So you lost a million pounds of happiness. I should share our car money and take you with my children. The world is everything. The wedding, the birthday of my first grandchild. I don't know, couldn't bear it. I remember hearing comments on Andrew about funding in China. It's not losing a half a soul. I didn't have money and I said I'd give her the other half of that. I don't want to die for it. I took the vial of me, syringe, and I took the instruments back in the medical bag out of the surgery. Oh my God, you've had a hot condition. Well, did you talk to your mother when you were a child? You didn't want me to know. I said, never do you know. Thank you so much. I'm going to fall in the back right there. It's in the back right there. It's in the back right there. It's in the back right there. You can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can You can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, you can do it, Well, the time had ended. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.Music Music Silence >> I'm seeing him getting pretty tough here, isn't he? Oh, since you're on June, how do you do that for you? I'm the... So, I can't see anything that's on June. Well, you can't see anything. You're just saying you're not a bitch. Or you can get yourself psyched. We're not the kinds of worst things we got in the mess. Is that how I post it? No, I'm not a bitch. I'm not a jobist.MUSICMUSICMUSICMusic Music >> Oh, that's not a man. We're all acting and I'm fighting for the roses and jasmine beasts. We're far beyond the bandwidth. That is going to come to this finishing point. I-- But I think you'll find this thing. In all, I think the family is there. We will never get so one time, two or three, who is now working as an investigator for a major time, and just go casual with them, and eventually we get a month to go. A family member, a shot. I can just be in front of my house. I'm supposed to see extra fish on the head of the sweater. I don't have a lot of problems, I don't really wish to have a very good one, but I'm going to have a lot of good backheads to do it, thank you, I've had a lot of good years to go. I thought you'd want to do more of that, and talk to you as well. (laughing) - Because those are like some beating once or six years of the energy strike, so. - Good bye, bro. - Good bye, bro. Next day, I'll stop, but I won't even, and basically, we never say, "Oh, I'll stop." (laughing) - I'll be crying, bro. (laughing) - So what's the scoop, bro? - What are we selling? - I'll read it. out of the land of said parties, just like you guys have been going to Shiret, but for the ladies, the movement is breaking with number one now, so I'll have to write that out of record in the process, so I can see the moment to you. I need a glass of herbivorous. Thank you very much, thank you very much. So, what about you, your love? It's a maid. It's one of the things I'm going to do. One of the things I'm going to do. Here we go.MUSIC Music >> Would you like to come up? >> What if I'm skinned back? >> Oh, she did. I left. What? I don't know how to say good to civilize. We're terrified of very little arms. There's no point in that. I'm sorry. I always not been. There's a certain time of chowing at us. It's a slaw. There was never any good between us. God knows what to find. I must go and lie, show the lies of my people. I just want to prove to myself that I was so desirable. There would be any question. No. Dearly dead. Always my response to my moment. I was in a while, and the text knows since then. I didn't mean that, it's just that I spent four years for making relationship work. Well, I guess that's what you have, and I'm just curious. - Oh gosh, I've been treated for years. I'm not working very hard to make a one of my magicians the best. - I'm trying to say no. - Not too good, you know what he is, but it's perfect. So we then, after all, I can't do the battle, I've already come to the next room, I've seen them, and in the closet dogs, she's going to die. So long, I'm going to say my thing, cut, you see that from there. I'm so sorry. I have a lot of moments. That is it. I will let it begin. That's all I lost. I think I'm afraid, yeah, we're the same, yeah. You want to talk to my brother, I'm sorry? Yeah, I'm sorry. Thank you. Excuse me. See you. I need to go to bed tonight and let us see if we can find one. Music (indistinct) I have to look at my dress for my cousin for me since wedding, I'm all right, and a 14-striped performance in the supporting role of the shooting. Mr. Butler was looking to be this morning. I'm talking about the hard work that I'm going to do. Oh, I'm going to get out of here, and then you're going to do the knot. You're not going to do it. I'm going to do the same. Yes, I'm going to do the knot. I have interviews and do you deal with being calm and I'm not afraid of that. Is that an invitation? Sorry, I already had a little makeup. True. Oh, there's no pleasure. Who is it this time? No. No, not me. It's a bit of a shame I'm leaving. Yes. Oh, shut up. Please, me out. Just wait for the next time. You want me to just have a day to be called away. I'm going to be blown up for one. Tom. Be ready. Oh, three boys. Ten. I'm blown up for one. I'm blown up for one. Got it. I didn't know it was me. It is a rock. I came on at nine. The central is now like that. I'm going to show you. So I thought, "No, it's so bad over here, it's worse, we've done it on the phone, but one of the more counts." I just had to talk about it, but you're going to see me play it this small. "Oh, you must be dead." "Well, it's a bit hard, but you've got a lot of things, but why don't you try to put it back just to be sure?" So, sure what, some 500 of the large things on the middle of the ceremony is the number and quantity of promotion, all looks. Yeah, and then, dance, we got to go over the next piece. Just don't tell anybody anything, alright? Should we do this song? Silence >> You ready to do it?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC Inaudible Remark Do you want to get out of here? Hello? Yes. Oh, she has been got you. It's me. What about me? Why am I? What about you? What about you? What about you? What about you? What about you? What about you? What?PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I don't think you see it out. No, wait, I'm going to lose. No, I'm going to see it out. I'm going to see it out. I'm going to see it out. I'm going to see it out. I'm going to see it out. No, I'm going to see it out. No, I'm going to see it out. No, I'm going to see it out. No, I'm going to see it out. No, I'm going to see it out. No, I'm going to see it out. No, I'm going to see it out.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs You're the worst. Or you didn't even have enough to say to me. You're the worst. You're the worst. You're the worst. You're the worst. You're the worst. You're the worst. You're the worst. You're the worst. You're the worst. You're the worst. You're the worst. He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." He said, He said, "I'm going to die with my body in this bed." to this book, then on that just keel of it, there's never been much of your services, it doesn't means you must be dangerous. But it won't be just for me, you may not, it's the palace, not. Get love for all that impact, it's not gonna be a toilet, it's not gonna be Is there a half of things we ought to do, sir? Okay. Okay. This is it. - Thanks, Noah. - You're good to have, Noah. - That's been fun. - Sure, of course, if she's still waiting, I'd know we're not working out. Please sit, I'll take the bus, will you? - I'll be in the room, don't have a door. - Are you ready? - I'm about to sit. Can I be right at the ends of the room? - I'll be sitting here. - But I'm just sitting here. - Sure, was the bus on? You see the light is going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine. It's going to shine.Music So, what do you want me to do for a round of class? Or, if I want to, which I go at? Or, if I don't want to. It's not that it's my time to prove it. See, I hope you've got a good insurance, and then I'm going to do anything. I want to take this guy and give him a hand. I'm going to get my socks there. I'm going to say what? Get anything with them. I'm always very, you're not necessarily in force, huh? You don't see them, but you're going to have a nice evening.MUSIC I'm going to be one of these positions, I don't know if I'm just going to be able to do the check out here, but we'll have to get a piece like that at once, record it. I see a major credit card. By the two meters from the zone. Lodge, no I don't think. The truth is I have no one. Of course, I just look at the sculpture from the other end of your life asking me to vote me. I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, I am the only one that is not here, Yes.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Well, well, taking that while I'm in the system. Ten, ten or quite so, this is you. This is me. I'll give you a minute. Don't forget to like, let me get out of that. I like to watch. That was important, heard, and I think... I'll see what we got. It's all your fault. You got all I can say. Ten soon. Thank you. Thank you. (coughing) - Is that... - Ah, beautiful lantern. Just so you know It's a zone Full sweat I don't know please check out the space I have a 3A and a slot of type of art. What about these, uh, what was it then? I said, "In this instant, sit, sit up." They watched the deal with the script of the M&E's part, and I said, "Keep going." Well, that is better. I don't know how to post it. I'll leave your answer when you post it again. I'll explain.silenceMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSIC Music Sound EffectsMusic Music >> Well, you did it, so -- >> I checked out my book. >> Yes, sir. >> Are you -- are you alright? >> Well, I'm feeling it. If I want to challenge you in ten or one, >> No, I'm not going to help you. You're sitting down in the middle of it. >> But the kind of little stuff today. Inaudible Remark So my other job will be, yeah, well, it's still a right schedule in order to work in that world. Oh, no, sir, no. It's our fault. We intend to take responsibility for it, and if you haven't put up problems, please call an afternoon person. Thank you. What's up, David?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible We're going to be a dad, we're going to find someone else who's going to be trying to give me a bigger change now. So, one of the old heads, you know, growth lead, send the capsule, you know, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're passing through, they're either system, however good you're talking. Good guy, that's all the time, I hope. He's just alone enjoying. Come on, Danny. Get out. Mr. Serena.inaudible Yes, Rose? Yes, Rose. Tell me, do you want to go over a bit? No. I have power to go to the last. Now that you have a business, you are staying at a bar room. It's new here. First and last time. So, the same goes for solidarity. If they show off, they'll leave you the same people. Now, before that, see this. Is that a business phone suddenly important? Never buy it? Say it. Listen to that. Say it with your skin. If I was your whole man, say, what would it be? It's not that bad. It's not that bad.MUSICMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible That's a kind of college. I'm just going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm goingINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE How is this after you?INAUDIBLE Music Music Silence I can see a license please sir, I don't know if this is outside of the car, but I'm sure I don't see it.inaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds I was stuck in a room with three students, two, but I was down. What I said, we are stuck. Well, if I were to say I need to, we must take over the room. If I were to have fun, I would go to the other room. and tell you where all this time is later on, and you'll see. She just, you'll have to start from the center of the house. By all means, if you want, we're going to get the fuck billion, you'll fuck exactly like each other. We're going to be back out to the ground more far, the center of the house. You've been working around the government for the next few years. Now, the government is more seized than a lot of money to talk about. They will have to be bounty, and again, well, when they were in a site, they've now been in the scene. They're in the past eight, and this morning, how the public went to the bank, they've done a group of things. It burns a lot of pressure. It's all over the company. It's $5,000. It's $5,000. It's $5,000. But I think it's $5,000. Well, what's the benefit of it? You can have a snowman falling in the sun. My words are a thinnest on the floor. But works work might not be needed. Or sing. Do you really think that I should never ask you in such clumsy and old-looking smell? Yes. Of course. You know that in a basement basement. When I ask, what does it fit? What about you? This um, tape, whatever you want, I'm totally gonna get it, you don't need that name. Wow, you'll be right, by the way. Central J, you just pop the plot, it's what you see.MUSIC (coughing) Music Music Music >> Oh, excuse me, nobody's been helping, and these are my magazines, policy, and I have a book on my feet. >> And I have a buddy in there, third. He'll check out. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm going to be in the series by 5-5-5-5-1, given the whole debate at work team, and he didn't judge it to the room. Oh, I think it's okay. See, it means it's just fine. You have to sort of identify it. It's cold. I'll check it out. It's cold. I'll check it out. I'll check it out. It's cold. I'll check it out. I'll check it out. I'll check it out. Thank you.MUSICINAUDIBLEMUSIC I want to get this thing, get set up, what's up, what's up? Yeah, the album, if you didn't say it, you can check it out if it's in the middle of the box. It's very, it's all been saved on a set of albums that I haven't had yet. You never patch it, you've got to be safe. Oh my, when I say yes, I'm not sure how far the makeup is going to come out of it, I'm just going to look for it in the middle of it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Music Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC Inaudible Remark That's why I've been told that's the 31st edition. Certainly, I have no idea where he has the book. Never be told, I don't want to know about it, do you understand? Yes, I'm the deputy. You know, that's a beautiful thing. Why? That's all I need, how? That's all I need. What? Oh, what? Oh, what? What? What did that mean? You dropped all of them. You have never. Me? All of them all the time. All the time. All of them all the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. Roll. Yes, sir. No, don't talk. I don't want it. Well, I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. You think I don't want it out? I don't want it. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. I don't want it out. Now listen, get 9/4, this train, I'm saying, I don't know if those are over there, like 1,2,3,3. That was the longest train I've ever been. But more like you have to get this 1/4, now I need to do this. How do I do that? You want me to pass you a picture with me three months to get it back? Yeah, Roda, your business career does succeed. All the life on your mind is what that's so terrible. I'll get right out of it. It's okay.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (indistinct) We won't do nothing. Why is something in the shower I've figured out? To pump. Research, and third, why happens to fall? The independent owners need to have a focus. She's a dividend of brandy conditions. So, we'll try it. Just give yourself up, I'll see you then. Wait.MUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSICMUSICMUSIC (audience laughing) - Oh my God. - I can't wait for that immediately in the bank of hell. You all right? - Well said, miss. - Here. - I want you to know, if the stock needs to be in a rubber shop, if it's current salary, then that. - How does it go with this? - Okay, go right. I was fired in two minutes and a second. I was fired in two minutes and a second. I was fired in two minutes and a second. I was fired in two minutes and a second. I was fired in two minutes and a second. I was fired in two minutes and a second. I was fired in two minutes and a second. I was fired in two minutes and a second. I was fired in two minutes and a second. I was fired in two minutes and a second. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark for America's sake, the water can sink in the sustenance, just don't have to sink in. I'm for a big deal, you guys. You see the hell? The tea is hot, it's very good. It's the right way to do that. It's the same thing here. I've always come to a lot of life. Inaudible Remark I don't need to know how to be in the captain's safety, make sure that Chris be there and don't know him. Right? Chris, you know how to do it? Well, I find that it's in a terrible deal. I guess you're going to be caught in the center right now. I can imagine why I feel it. If the boat would move on to the lighthouse and the law, we're going to come easy. I'm going to show it to you, it's too bad. I want to see you. I mean, you have to show it off in the bottom here. Well, I'm going to make sure you go slowly. Because I know it's right to do this. Well, that should be fine. You go home. I don't think so, but I don't. I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't think so, but I don't I don't think so. I'm going to smash the picture. So, when you were told, I really liked the city for my grand-oil. It's the only reason why I did it. I didn't have to go there. You know who went there? No.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible But it won't be such a bad joke. But do you have a bit of speed as I've done this song, whether I do it yourself? Spend it to me. Yeah, which could be more reasonable to do. Spend the thing by... ...it's you and I, to get rid of bad things, and something, all you need. I'm just gonna do it myself. Let me sit. That's the joke, you know what it's like, he drove and said it, "I want to do the fronting." We got to watch out for that over the good luck. He said, "You need to be nice to him." He said, "You know what, he's not the boss, he's into the freezer." Well, you get out of the limits. Really, he's not working with that. You get running on at the start of the day. You can enjoy this last part, maybe you can do this, and then very beautiful. You must believe the rule of law. Share what you want. Share what you want. Share what you want. He's sort of the first mom ball of a tree. That would be a lot. No, it's a tree. It won't be a tree. I don't want that. All right. Ch-ch-ch-ch. Let's get back here without laughing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music >> Aha, all of a sudden it's such a long vacation program to be at the end of the day. Inaudible Remark I just need to wait and see if I have a chance with my speedometer and I have everything in my head within that field in my heart. I'll show you my heart. Shit. You really need something to do, shit. There ain't no purpose. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I have a couple of them chasing the board and they can keep drawing board there. (speaking in a foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in a foreign language) (sniffing) Music Music Silence Thank you very much. So you'll like your reading, you'll like it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Inaudible Remarksilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (grunting)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno speech detected Silence Silence (grunting) (grunting) (grunting) (grunting) (grunting) (clicking)NOISEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence (paper rustling) (paper rustling) (paper rustling)no speech detectedsilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence (laughing) - Uh-oh. - No, no, no. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Pause Pause