[00:14:02.29] OneOdio FM1:	SilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicno audiono audioPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Thanks for watching. Good to know. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence There are many of us in this. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE Thank you for watching. and this kind of situations in the worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, worst, That can just be how it can be actually happen. I press to become the best of persons. That can just be the best of persons. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)INAUDIBLE I'm not going to do anything. I'm just going to have a bit of a shot. for the way I'm seeing the beginning. Somebody seems to run to make sure that that can come to stake 'cause it doesn't want to understand how it is what is. going to accomplish you will be coming over soon. So, to your senses, we may not have to show the point to make our breakthrough. I'm almost finished, I'm still here, but I can't take my hands off of them, so I'll just have to go to the bathroom and I'm gonna miss them. But I should come up with them. Silence Silence I don't like to make this a part of the whole idea of the first world on me, but my insights and physics and the little criticisms. I don't like to make this a part of the whole idea of the first world on me, but I'm not just substantiate this. Please take a look at that in the end to some more work on it. The framework of the theories are learned to continually refer to the world in a safe place. People would come, get an early way to make a big, bigger poem. It was a lost, innocent, but factored in being used all the time. It meant an instant new life to go, maybe from all the two. So if you want me to explain the concepts in terms of the physics of it, okay, just take as well. What we need to explain more of the viral in this is, yeah, let's call it just. We'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be right back, we'll be It's really hard to do what I'm searching for in the music. It's just going to be a bit more sticky than mine. So I can do the energies and do the energy per the energy that I can use.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause What do you want me to do on the main level of the list? The latest list of my show is back in the year of the modern 90s. The position is on 11X. Just for a little bit. Pause Pauseinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE We're going to be doing this from somewhere in the area. The cuts of your hands are from the sides. Let me allow you to be a little bit...COUGHINAUDIBLE Silence Silence I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm goinginaudible I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't So, I'm not going to say nothing else for today, I'm still going to go to the other (sighs) Silence Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkSilenceSilenceSilence Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence This is an interesting question. I said that I would not need your back. I'll tell you what this is.SilenceSilenceSilence Silence Silence It's a great emotion. It makes me too, maybe, but it makes me too much emotion. I propose to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look into this, to look It's a great emotion. Silence Silence Now to the one-chains, need to develop a very nice one-chains, so there's no need to come up to it. So let's go ahead and see what we can do.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Silence I'm going to take a look at the screen. I'm going to take a look at the screen. I'm going to take a look at the screen. I'm going to take a look at the screen. I'm going to take a look at the screen. I'm going to take a look at the screen. I'm going to take a look at the screen. I'm going to take a look at the screen. I'm going to take a look at the screen. I'm going to take a look at the screen. I'm going to take a look at the screen. So I was not able to try to explain what you need to do to all of this, that's a plus. It's mean, what you're supposed to do when there is no stop to stop.INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) andno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Those don't seem to be...Music I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Now I try to change a single scene for the last challenge and successfully make it a change. So you have to change what you want to change, through this one change.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSPLASHING You can understand all the rules and the things we're wrong with them but this thing can make you a little bit of a fool It looks really fine with us No, I actually don't know how to go around with it but it keeps on repeating itself Oh, anyway, I said it all before that. You all know the answer. The key to the muscle and I should just try to be nice. Just give the kind of a chance to go simply out and try to... Pause Pausesilencesilenceinaudiblesilence I can become a master of the name, just a little bit.silencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) You know that's all good to you. You You You You You You You You You I love generating things and they're always the same and they're the most superb Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, I'm sure.silencesilencesilence It's not trying to make any of these stuff, but it films must earn more than one of myMusicMusicsilencesilence >> Mama, thank you again, Mama. I think that's what I'm looking at.INAUDIBLEsilence Good morning, great, good news. Have a good day. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The first place is the Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software. Simps software.inaudibleno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio I'm going to start this off with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little So that's it, that's what we ate, it's all my cells in there, we'll see you in the next one. We'll see you in the next one, we'll see you in the next one, we'll see you in the next one. Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to go in and see if I can get in. I'm going to go in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in and I'm going to go in and see if I can get in and see if I can get in. I think I have to talk more about the complexion of the season, here in the other game I will talk about. I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about the mix of the game, I will talk more about I think I have to talk more about the complexion of the season, here in the other game I will talk about. Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLE Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. So now if I keep going to this, I'll be in the next 20 minutes, I'm going to be a good person.inaudiblesilencesilencesilence Anyways... *Sigh* *Sigh* So that means if you don't trust in the problem, then... (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)PausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detected Well, not even 10 times more than being able to press and the alternatives because of the similar. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time.no speech detected (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)INAUDIBLE We don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do, we don't know what to do because the indoctrination does make a big assumption that it is a misuse of the case. The connection seems like people. I care about something, the album, the songs, and it's so lovely, it doesn't care about everything. I mean, it's so, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it's so lovely, it So, it's so, it's so interesting. Yes, sir, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I will never let it be your good prayers. No exceptions. I can nature and give both all of us such an ugly person to be unique as.silencesilencesilence Now is the search, and we don't want to check it, so we can show different inspectors. Silence Silence and take a rest. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. You're not super mind-sync. You're not super mind-sync. You're not super mind-sync. Very close to Mark, can you move on? I'm sure it's... Subtax, bad results, didn't try to talk to him. He protects me with a similar... Subtax... Silence (laughs)silencesilence My answer is, you need to make some people reporting the process. Yes, correlating (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) This is one of these two parts, this is the master room. This is one of these two parts, this is the master room. This is one of these two parts, this is the master room. So yeah, wish you wish, and more, wish cost, to be the first one to push, and as you increase to the point. Silence No, I'll sit on the kitchen. Play with the cane, because it's in the 'cause you're doing what you're doing. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Yeah. So, let's check this out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.silenceinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence You know we go nuts. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you.no audiono audiono audio (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence