[00:40:49.84] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audiono audiono audiosilence Oh no. SilenceCLICKno audiono audioMUSIC to food use and I say need to lost my is the need of a style of kitchen out of the kitchen to get to the kitchen to do that in similar order. All the two are on the right, all the others each in any way, this is the chairs for the kitchen. You can go there, meet me, you can go there, you can go there, you can go to the kitchen, you can go there, you can go there, you can go there, you can go there, you can go there, (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) They don't take the food and serve. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusicMusic ♪ So if we're being held up and see ya ♪ ♪ And see ya, if we're being held up and see ya ♪ ♪ And see ya, if we're being held up and see ya ♪ ♪ And see ya, if we're being held up and see ya ♪ ♪ And see ya, if we're being held up and see ya ♪ ♪ And see ya, if we're being held up and see ya ♪ ♪ And see ya, if we're being held up and see ya ♪ ♪ And see ya, if we're being held up and see ya ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ To search for a way to survive ♪ ♪ To stay safe, stay safe, stay safe ♪ ♪ To check you there ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ♪ To search for a way to survive ♪Music ♪ And see if it can be that you're in a hot and bustle ♪ ♪ And see if it can be that you're in a pretty pretty little ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ I think we can take action ♪ ♪ And see if it can be that you're in a pretty pretty little ♪ ♪ You can't see me all the while ♪ Music ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪ ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪ ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪ ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪ ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪ ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪ ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪ ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪ ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪ ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪ ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪ ♪ We are seven, the day in the phoenix ♪Music And you are still in a sleep-surfing match, and you are in a house where you're in an apartment in a few corners. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMusic ♪ On a different profession, the other two ♪ ♪ On a different profession, the other two ♪ ♪ On a different profession, the other two ♪ ♪ On a different profession, the other two ♪ ♪ On a different profession, the other two ♪MusicMusicLaughterSpeaking in GermanSpeaking in GermanSpeaking in German I don't know how to do it. You can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do I don't know how to do it. stream, and don't do us.silencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Once, close it to the... I'm gonna have to do it. It's a video that I'm gonna edit. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Maybe I'll see you in the next video. Thank you for watching. Pause Pause andsilencesilence (indistinct) (upbeat music) (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible So that's all there is. It's essentially dangerous. If it's that way. So we shall commence to have contact for all of us to learn what we are doing.SilenceSilenceSilence (indistinct) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music)LAUGH >> There's not Sabine in the main camera for the case, nothing.LAUGH >> What's up? Thank you very much for that. Thank you very much for that. Thank you very much for that. Thank you very much for that. Thank you very much for that. Thank you very much for that. Thank you very much for that. Thank you very much for that. Thank you very much for that. Silence Silence Why don't you say a bit?silence This is your vision. This time it's really meaningful to hear that it's flying on the Earth's wishes and wishes to be able to show it to the Earth.inaudible Silence Silence >> One of these. Inaudible Remarksilencesilence Check it out, check it out. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to say that the time of the course has been all following us.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, this is one of the keys, another key, it's not a key, it's not a key, it's not a key. So, this is one of the keys, this is one of the keys, this is one of the keys.MUSIC Music Music (whistling) MusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's all I think, a bit of a bit of a warning, and, um, she called. The judges in the book are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the judges are the judges, the entire heart, don't you owe me finance?music I did the show for Bitcha Moonwalk so I don't know why. But I'm not so busy. But I'm not a student. Now we can talk to a big deal bad medicine. Y'all the food is not in show. I've got all the eggs. Come on, eat the plastic. Don't you know what I'm saying?music ♪ Great music and it is heaven and death ♪ ♪ Great music and it is heaven and death ♪ ♪ Great music and it is heaven and death ♪ ♪ Great music and it is heaven and death ♪ (upbeat music)Music MusicMusicMusic ♪ And I'm the thing to love ♪ ♪ To heal the strife that she bought me ♪ ♪ And thromb me with my hands ♪ ♪ It's the way to me and me ♪ ♪ So trust me, trust me, trust me ♪ ♪ That's it like she left me ♪ ♪ But staff, what are the times ♪ ♪ What's the times ♪ ♪ We'll see the baby and we'll see the baby ♪ ♪ Think about it, think about it, think about it ♪ ♪ Think about it, think about it, think about it ♪ ♪ Think about it, think about it, think about it ♪ ♪ What are the times ♪ ♪ What are the times ♪ ♪ What are the times ♪ ♪ What are the times ♪ ♪ What are the times ♪ ♪ What are the times ♪ ♪ What are the times ♪ ♪ What are the times ♪ Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) And we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can't really let it go, we can (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Oh, my son, shit. (laughing) ♪ To pass out the perfect ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't want to be like "Oh, Pee press" So I also want to be like "Belgis, I'm fine" Now I'm going to be like 5 or 2 minutes from the film Come on, come on So we're going to do the "Pee-Pee press" We're going to do the "Pee-Pee press" I don't want to be like "Oh, Pee press" I don't want to be like "Oh, Pee press" I don't want to be like "Oh, Pee press" (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I can't believe that the gun is going to be here and sit down and look for the professional weapons to get the professional inspired by the future. The dogs seem to stand for, as I've had the trauma in them. As if you're just here by the download and export it. So, what? As if something has ever happened to come in here. Fiverr, it's not the intellect I'm plant. Now, say no to yourself if it's in space. So proxies could be a flash business proxies. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE 15% cutting off everything. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music MusicMUSIC (upbeat music) Music Music Music Speaking in foreign language Laughter just with the day's the sex to happen. But I think it's a very important thing to do. I think it's a very important thing to do. I think it's a very important thing to do. I think it's a very important thing to do. I think it's a very important thing to do. I think it's a very important thing to do. I think it's a very important thing to do. I think it's a very important thing to do. I think it's a very important thing to do. I think it's a very important thing to do. I think it's a very important thing to do. I think it's a very important thing to do. Jovey, do you dare you can't quit your heart? This, so much I can't, but that's wrong. This is my Jovey, damn it, it's in. Y'all be loud, I'm from the single battle of life. It's here, it's Jovey's from three guys in the field of orange.MUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You wish you give all of us a big help. >> Mother, no more attention.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected So, I'm trying to make a deal with all of them and get some more insights to showSilenceSilenceSilence It is a distracting feeling of emotion. I don't know what is happening. I don't know if it's going to be a problem. I don't know if it's going to be a problem. I don't know if it's going to be a problem.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (gentle music) (gentle music) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Very much before we start.INAUDIBLEPausePauseSilence Still some of the mistakes that I'm showing.Silence Staying in the room. Silence Silence Silence >> And all the rest of them are more specific. Silencesilencesilence Thank you.inaudibleinaudible I got something good.silence Do I need to know what you are to know?silence What else? What else?silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)no audio (laughing) (bell dinging) (bell dinging) (bell dinging) (bell dinging) (bell dinging) (bell dinging) What's that? Thank you very much. Keep on doing something to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me I'm just trying to focus on the rest of my mind with something I'm not supposed to be. So that's what's the biggest thing in my life. I'm supposed to be the most beautiful.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible What else? Silence Silence Thank you for watching. Silence Silencesilence Yups. Maybe you did something.silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE So what else?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible Thank you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSighsSighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) I'm sick of all of the going. on the units in quarantine, most alert for life and quietly in the modern economy. you you you you you you (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no audio Pause >> Inaudible Remark >> Inaudible Remark Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Music Music (coughing) Music MusicMusic Music Music Silence Silence Music Music >> Thank you. It's a response to the church. Music >> What do I do? >> I think we did it out. Music >> I might have played the music. Music >> I'll start also. MusicMusicMusic (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll see you later.Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds MusicMusicMusic Music Music Music >> So, let me see this. with a refugee person who is a mother in the house. Then use it to set that thing to the machine. I'm not off the internet, I'm not fresh anymore. I'm not off the internet, I'm not on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I'm on the internet, I Thank you. is it anyways? you don't change you don't change the other thing is how it fall over you know the thing that you don't quite see clearly it's also falling over thissilence I don't know how to do that, but I wish. I'm going to do one.SighsSighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedCLICK Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to start seeing you play the team. What is it? I'm going to twist the team.inaudible So they did change the small print, you know.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to have to stop it and then I'm going to be silent to see what's else can do.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> That's also my background.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I think if you see how it comes back now is in the 16th and you can pay me too much for (sniffing)COUGHINAUDIBLE The left also has an XM-R, but then they may need to be a little more quick. Thanks for watching. Pause good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good boys good Sorry for the long way here. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (door slams shut) (door slams shut) (indistinct chatter) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing)silenceclickclicksilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay Silence Silence >> Mucha wireless.no audiono audio (knocking on door) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping) (crickets chirping)BEEPING (knocking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence