[00:03:08.63] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silence (bell dings) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Something. I don't have to kill myself. Pause Pause Silence MusicMusic Music MusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause MusicMUSICMusic Music MusicMUSICMUSICMusicMusic Music Music Music Music MusicMusic MusicMusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Silence Music Silence Silence Silence Music Music Music Music Music Silence Music (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence MusicMUSIC Music Sound Effects Music Music Music Music Music Sound Effects Sound Effects Music Music MusicMUSIC Music Music Silencesilencesilencesilence Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music MusicBell ringingBell ringingBell ringingBell ringing What you have to do in the book, I'm going to finish the work in this case, if we don't do it too well.Music Music Music Music and now I'm going to put it on again and make a way of things, so thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Music Pause Pause Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I don't know what to do with the end of a task. Thank you, Nipali, for the long run.INAUDIBLE and all the men. and we will do a new model for the next 2D model, Zenoband, Chuxo, Talzovat, what's your mood? Talzovat is a very nice team. I don't know what's going on here, but I'm going to try to find out what's going on here. I'm going to try to find out what's going on here. I'm going to try to find out what's going on here. I'm going to try to find out what's going on here. I'm going to try to find out what's going on here. I'm going to try to find out what's going on here. I'm going to try to find out what's going on here. I'm going to try to find out what's going on here. Well, no problem, let's end it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence I'm going to put it on the top of the sheet. I'm going to show you how to go to the corner. Why are there so many bugs that I was able to download? I don't know, seasonally again. I don't know, I just have thoughts, I just want to know what I'm going to do. I'll stay close to the lowest things, I'll start here.silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE I think I need this. I think I need this. I think I need this.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedMUSIC (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello I have stiff bone, stiff bone, can you inverse, inverse? I have stiff bone, stiff bone, can you inverse? And then she'll be like, "That's it."silencesilence Silence Silence If we solve this, we can make sure that we're not doing all our best, malicious push. Contestants. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) So, now we'll all have a nice, good evening, and a good afternoon.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible 4.937.016. 0.760. I'm seeing 0.760. 0.760.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and thousands, and and thousands lines 5,000 and 1 will be 5,000 lines 5,000 and 1,000 and 1,000 and 1,000 and 1,000 you and 1,000 and 1,000no audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door)silence Welcome to the hearing of these five famous burials, purists will be loved. The teens, the ones who were used, and why didn't we all know? about 50s still in 'cause you're in each and every one to do what you need to do what you need to do. I'm going to try to listen to the sound of the sound, to the sound of the sound, to the sound of the sound, to the sound of the sound, to the sound of the sound, to the sound of theSilenceSilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible I'm left with a test, they sign up. I'm putting on the game and they start there just so I'm stuck in the game. I'm going to allow for a bit of time. best to miss when we could meet again. Let's go.inaudibleinaudible Well, he's just going to cash, he'll be on a plane again. Hello, I'm Mikkeltsman, and I'm Aaron Malzwekz. I'm not from the church, I'm from the church. (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you guys out of here and I'm going to go back and get you Two more minutes left for the next six, seven, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, So, I'll cut to 3/4 of each. I'll just remove the other side of the corner of the lesson. Thank you for watching.silencesilencesilencesilenceinaudible I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. So, I'm going to make a thinning poem.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Change. Change. Change. Change. Change. Change. Change. Change. I'm going to press it, and anything is wrong with that. Not coming that wrong. I'm going to press it. I'm going to press it. I'm going to press it. (sniffing) What problem is that I don't like it too much?INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesinging and do not seek him. If the day you put the corner up, you will be lost to him. To not seek him, you will be lost to him, you will be lost to him.clickclickclickclickclickclickclick And that's how the trust will become a last year, because I'm in trust with you. Maybe you know, maybe you know, maybe you know, maybe you know, maybe you know, maybe you know.SilenceSilenceSilence Music Inaudible Silence and see me on a conversation about the other leaders. So, this will be the long ones and then we'll be doing that.silence I don't know if she said so, she didn't really get you right, can you go? She made it to the left, didn't she?silencesilencesilencespeaking in foreign languageinaudible I'm going to see a number last thing now, I'm going to see a clean yellow thing in here. It's time to get another one. I'm not going to see a time off until the end. >> Yeah, call the other side. Call the other side.silencesilenceno speech detectedMusicMusicsilenceinaudibleinaudible 3, 2, 1, 2, 3, 5, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1 SilenceMUSIC Yeah, he's too loud, I'll snap it. I'll snap it. Yeah. I'm going to get you in the middle of it, I'm going to get you in the middle of it. I don't know if that's a nice piece or something. I'm only a bit too old yet for the enough stuff. I don't know if that's it. I don't know if that's a nice piece or something. Bye, so come. Do a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I need a trade-off. I'm sending you a book on my mobile, but now I want you to come down to the ring and open the two books, and I feel I'm on the phone with you. I won't pull over to film, I'm just going to cut in there.silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence Here it's unique on the room.CLICK He's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here I don't like it.INAUDIBLE No, no means no, I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let you know I'll let (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Pause Pause and No, no, no, no, no. (keyboard clicking) I'll just be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'll be reading it, I'llsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence I'm sure we can do our best, yeah, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, yeah, we'll do our best, So, we can't make so sure to go into the room. Ta-da! Ka-ka, ta-da!silencesilenceno audioMusicMusicINAUDIBLE So, family and also for a national team club. Did you?Clock tickingClock ticking (keyboard clicking) Thank you for watching. Thank you. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.Pause I'll show you in the next video.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING I can't see it in the tunnel.ClickClickClickClickClickClickClickClickClickClickClick (keyboard clicking) (clears throat) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking) And then we're all supposed to throw a V-juck in the linemills. and I'm going to share with you all the questions.silencesilencesilencesilence I'm not going to change. Come on in.PausePausePausePausePausesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence >> Let's start to pick up something. Right? Thank you very much.no audiono audiono audio Silencesilencesilence I think I'll do it again. I think I'll do it again. I think I'll do it again. What's wrong? You don't should, I'm close enough.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I don't know what you're talking about. Thank you very much for your attention and please look forward to seeing you next time. I'm in the middle of the year.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (coughing)silencesilence (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (knocking on door) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, I survived. Well, that's why you can't also do that with extra time, and I'm only going to do it again. Hmm. Yes. Yeah, no, it's not that simple, it's just.silencesilence and came to San Stain, it's been... So, I have always probably heard that you need you to look at all the nice and dolde and all this on the don'ts. Well, men's, look for you. Be happy to know me, boy, it's what you like. (door slams shut) (speaking in foreign language) (door slams shut) (speaking in foreign language) Well, I'm going to go to work and I'm going to sit in your arms. Yeah, I'm going to work with you.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Well, that's kind of a bunch as a nice, not a bunch, and it looks like it's going to happen. I don't know, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can And you can add a couple of things in the cardinette.silenceinaudible I'm going to go over there.Sounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingSounds of the door openingsilencesilenceINAUDIBLE I'll talk to you later. I'll call to you later, please. I'll be on the ring, please. I'll be on the ring, please. I'll be on the ring, please.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence Okay, I'm on this.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Well, still volume. Well, still volume. Okay.no speech detected I'll see you in the next one.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) From up to here and all those way boys. That's an awesome sound cue.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay, I'm going to add a little bit more. (knocking on door) Yeah, okay. and you can go to the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the link in the I'm not saying that I'm not being a cutman, but I cannot but still deny it, but I'm not So, I can confirm that. So, that's it. Thank you. That's awesome. Thank you. Thank you, and I'll tell you about more in the next video. It sucks for the colonists and adults. So, I'm going to have to see it simple, there's a picture of a little mouse, you know. It'll be there. It's a lot of factors. So I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't really, I can't (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence >> Let's do this. >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to attack on him. I'm going to attack on him. I'm going to attack on him. I'm going to attack on him. I'm going to attack on him. I'm going to attack on him. I'm going to attack on him. I'm going to attack on him.no audiono audio Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE We'll keep the main and one more time. Thanks for watching.INAUDIBLE and I press and I'm testing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And also paste it out in the same object here, and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and paste it out in the same object here and Silence Silenceno audiono audioinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence This is it. Close the name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, nameno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiosilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE Oh, no, I'm not going to stand by, so I'm going to switch all the way to the end.MusicMusic I'm going to put it on the computer, test it, and it's going to be a bit too bad, I'm going to put it back on the computer. I'm going to put it on the computer. I'm not joking. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Clock ticking After you, let's read it out. Cutting Which side are you? I'm the only one who may clean up Turn around till the day you reach outINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I can only give a wink. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no But similar to what I'm saying.INAUDIBLE Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to kill the leader, activate him. It's going to be a little bit more disheveled. It's going to be a little bit more of a little bit more of a disheveled.no audioINAUDIBLE Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible and (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audio Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (door slams) I'm suffocating now. There was a situation 92, I tried opening up for 16, I just 75. But we suddenly I keep some fishing in my head. Just wants me to die. It's forcing me to kill Susan to kill myself. I'm just forcing me to commit suicide, I think to go along with all the hells we hear. Do you like to think of the volcano? Developed malicious abuse of destruction. I think there's body still. The world is here. I'll fit servis servis servis in the situation that you might not thought. Thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for So, I'll see you guys later. separation, a3, and you're right, 3D time, you're The mission 89. It don't get a suck. Don't let me die. I'm going to have to tell it by. I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong, I'll be wrong I'm not going to be able to do that. I need to be able to do that.INAUDIBLE 27, 26, 27, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Thank you for this. Oh! Ah!Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking I've got to say that I've got a few eighty-three, not three. Alright, sounds.sighssighssilencesilence My sunset time feels... Still alive, everybody, my suicide attempts failed. I tried to suffocate myself. The plastic dive. Thank you very much. measuring with a blood saturation meter on my finger even down all the way to 83% normas 95 are trading creates this increase not that much from 1690s somewhere below 8 let's get out of the day 3 cents for each. This police for the low must be really proud. Close up. I'm not building this.no speech detected