[00:00:00.00] OneOdio FM1:	Goals.Clock tickingClock tickingMusic Copy, copy, upload.Music Copy, copy, upload. Copy, copy, upload.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Background Sounds Here's the same. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.no audio Silence Silence If this can sell, I can do something weird, you can call it a day. Like, act, act, the curse is for upsets. In a bad commercial, in a... Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) Get them to move now. Move now. Move now. Move now. Move now. Move now. Move now. Pause Pause Pause PausePausePausesilenceinaudible (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing)silencesilence And here's the last version, the Vance Event. See it, see it. I don't know if you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck all the way back there, you're going to fuck And there's air in the top. We're going to do that. Good luck to you too.silencesilence So this is it's, let's, um, what's the point? This is, um, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, moving, This is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, umMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughs) (coughs) Take action now tonight, now immediately, no discussion, here, my place, presence, face to face, now.silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) Ah, bye, bye, bye.CoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughingCoughing and (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic *sounds of the music* *sounds of the music* *snap* *sounds of the music* *sounds of the music* *sounds of the music* *sounds of the music* *sounds of the music* *sounds of the music* *sounds of the music* *sounds of the music* *sounds of the music* I'm a serial user, boy he's fucking like, oh he's a user, I'm a serial user Psychopaths, say this (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudible I'm gonna use her now, I'm gonna use her, I'm gonna use her, I'm gonna use her. (sniffing) (sniffing) and (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I can't turn it in as well, but I can't turn it in as well, but I can't turn it in as well. I can't turn it in as well, but I can't turn it in as well. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Oh, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you (keyboard clicking) (whoosh) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceclears throatsilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusicsilencesilence >> Awesome.sighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) (snap) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Please let me know in the comments below. Oh, I'm off. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (sniffing) Okay, that's like the square hat. (sniffing) What else? (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Alright, off to the water side here. Alright, off to the water side here. Alright, off to the water side here. I don't know... I don't know what to say... I don't know...PauseMusicMusicMusic (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound)MUSIC Suffering dying of users. Just kill him and then kill. Why does one of you think his life is worth more than the other 8 billion people combined? Why? Your behaviors keep on coming down to this very fact. You will destroy kill hurts. Now go front with the choice. You keep on killing all humans. Stop, stop now, life is too beautiful to be disregard like Arbysh, like shit. For me, life cannot be degraded any longer. That will be a tribute to life, and the respects we owe all of us. Respect that could not be. share true on this respect. That could no longer be friendly. No human left. What the hell? Oh, I think she's fake, I don't know, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think she's fake, I think (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) Oh no, he called material in it for sure, but... We've already long gone. There are final evolution at the end of time. Soon they will come back at time. Imagine if you could... Go back to the beginning of human civilization and tell everyone what we've learned, what sticks, what wisdom should have learned, we should have learned e-perlure. Would you still give them all the signs and texts of 2,000 years ago so they can also blood teams off the earlier. Imagine this timeline, 100s before Christ, surely a Caesar might have invented a steam engine, 200s after Christ, industrialization might have spread with Christianity, 500s to West Roman Because due to depleted already national resources, pollution of sea, drinking water makes aerosic, the rich have access to healthy food, shelter, and big carousels of soldiers to protect their foods. Here at Hammers, Islam rises from the slums to stop the exploitation that's less than I have no paid, never getting paid to work, you're slated. The factory is already produced electric cars, not also the poor, read and run, but it's ceramic. Year 1000, straight industry is still enough. World War breaks out. Or just a little, everything about just what there is to be. All of our planet. The weapon's race is on the year 1,200 colonies for battle have developed new weapons. Rocket skill out of nowhere, even 1,300 entry. starts an intercontinental rocket board, the 1,400m2. This ends the war, unfortunately introducing rockets with some equipments. The year, one thousand four hundred ninety three, one year later, five hundred nuclear missiles were cropped over the planet. Nuclear holocaust. mankind is near exit yet 2,000 to twenty-four throughout the clears some library turns actually this is not gonna like 2,000 now that you're going (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Just drill something down about another... what is it? We're aliens. This... they might be called KM4, or "Lusham work on". Imagine having to be a kind of soup nuclear life on. Where we see nature and trees and reality around us, they see atoms, corks and more still unknown to us humans. But do game for more actually know what the tree is. Still we humans. Then game for more super nuclear life forms. We all share the same realm. Are we both ready to see what part of the shared reality we both can't see, or are we going to continue this never ending information world? We know all of this ever right. True is never believable. True is never believable enough. Not enough so we can feel okay about what is considered. Keep fighting each other and keep creating doubt. This will make us doubt our entire Realtz. Both of us can have more than as human. Interesting when another is the proven alternative, and apart out of this madness, if we ever succeed once more to trust you, trust me, I trust you. If that to be the foundation of both our lives, that is never a short supply. universe has enough for both of us to continue to figure out and we still need to figure out well we know at least we don't know yet now so without without it as knowing always means you have an idea of what could be So why they saw this time to doubt who we are, who we are, what we are, why not each other, try to trust. You need one, you need to be cheated, let's use the rate, still try to trust. Trust is a one thing, It don't let us do ATG telepathic abusers. It's scary of them. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Trust scares them, they put in place of trust a lot of this telepathic assembly to destroy trust, to lock us into our own United Virtual Prison. When we convince ourselves, you are more and more and more different. But then you are up for anything, anywhere, forever existed. You are imagination of all it also allows you to trust, just imagine things that are. Sorry, you said the acronym of AGM. Pause Pause question if you are the HR will receive hundreds in place about bullying what would you do to decrease bullying? look personalized early. Institutionalized toxic workplaces become part of the company systems and business models. It's a present like pandemic, pandemic, managed to fight against other managed for the past three resources. This fight of course also costs resources. once a bullet, six swash, once such a bullet is succeed in the manipulation. Nobody acts from the impulses, they do it again and so do all the measurements, maybe some copycats also move in. It spreads across the ministry, across the company, across the company, cross-culture on the third and sides of the same, I think becomes the bottom line, no more financial goals to worry about, no more human dignity, no need for mental health care, no productivity, especially service benefits and quality markets are more susceptible. when these markets become low market qualities, selling markets, economic loss reduce competition, this leads to less innovation, less investors, less interest, no pressure for anywhere. If the markets you are in, This is going through a customization phase. Pay attention. He has another owner from say it's a private equity. Not that much late times they cut their losses and sell to a fancy bank. Well, peace my peace. Again, the owners are just worried about how much they will lose. gets bonus even for limiting the last minute most management knows and tries to call with the next new belief change what you need to change at the top is not the new next new index that fall for the costs maybe do fresh execs Also become victim of this toxicity. Take a pure set. So you are active in miracles and you all shop. It's easy for you. All you carry do it. But still, it only becomes one of these problems. Even Topic X could be blackmail essentially, middle, just to let them know they find leverage that way on their own. else the change starts to conform as it to what all knows and what I had to go through they seem to have a sort of label contact is to make a position and make a mistake about for the local point in this way. Come back for me. some of the spread to the years of digital documents you're a new learner because of something written in the class office 365 and so hard to believe. Carry on. Welcome to your new position. Next lesson, do you get no? Do you have a prescription? Because your language is really far from your skin and blood. Why bother? It's really hard to be learning. Well, the subjects, the most important. Luckily, why are you actually doing this job? We're reporting issues, HRS tells mediation to the HRS, it's perfect, but in a different country than my local country about it. This is actually useful for pulling. I'm going to put it in a position because there's your vibration following the local vibration vibration, the local, mediator and there's normally already a sign, they bypassing the vibration, but again, somebody forgot to move it, but when I decided to mention myself, to resign, he found a way to pretend, well they actually did not accept my resignation, please affect they refused my resignation, whoever thought this was possible when it clearly was possible, I am not sure if you are not sure if you are not sure if you are not sure pause on and then they themselves fired me. There really was a bit on that show I involved my lawyers, Julien, in terms of they invested a lot of resources on their own in super local lawyers. succeeded in writing a 16 page motivation letter, where reasons why I have to be fired. Remember I tried to resign. This motivation in the Senate says, "You're a worthless person, you never did anything of value." They must have taken the get this thing to get you put for a slather from from the whole business unit, maybe 50 or more people and then. Also, the written English language style is aggressive, it's full of exaggerations, it's hyperbolic error, it's intimidating. If you as enough a term for this, it's called illegal slapping. really intimidating this is misappropriating the means of law for this intimidating and this is actually crying, it's important to note I was ready to leave the next day actually when I tried to resign and I was also ready to And no costs or no notice periods which would have been 1/2 of the salary after 16 minutes. They skipped that, they decided to not accept my resignation to most of it on, to most salary. Crazy how far they were willing to go, actually is what I call them out. and all of you and then to know that the ITHR services was the business I was working in. Really sharp to the HR. Colleagues are respected and light and not there to speak up. Eventually I spoke up on 19th, 20 plus 4 employees found my story striking and even recognized the same abuser, now serial reader. Finally I found the courage to speak up and publish an article on it and I got sued for slander for months earlier. gave them a draw to get something back before publishing the serial plan looking into it even though I'm okay into it these four large ones they could have asked me not to publish they could have maybe sat together with me to have a brief meeting to see what actually went wrong They refused, they refused only lawyers and eventually getting suits. This by-premises from CEO. People are really getting pushed all the way to beat that. It hurts to sort that they will commit suicide. I guess it's still the same as murder, or a mess, though, but still not quite right. Still, that was myself, why, why? I actually get me busy and I started to care a bit more to eat though. in the search list of all the emails. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no speech detectedsilence Right, sure.silencesilencesniffingsilencesilenceno audiono audio I'll always find a way to go to the end of the game. I'm looking for a way to go to the end of the game. I'm looking for a way to go to the end of the game. I'm looking for a way to go to the end of the game. I'm looking for a way to go to the end of the game. I'm looking for a way to go to the end of the game. or since I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, I'm pure out of 10, That's the moment to... ...to request... ...to kick to himself. There's a message I probably won't recalls... ...new weeks or maybe... ...few months... ...totterless and... ...worse than I still figure it out. I wanted to dance for you. Of course, I have to say to my kids that I have to come up with a song. It's a very important thing to me. I have to say that I have to come up with a song that I have to come up with, and then also with a sport that would be a little bit more fun to play with. You know what I mean by that? I don't know if it was a bad idea or something like that. I think it was when I was there. I was like, "No, it's not going to work." I have something about the development of the cycle. But I do not know what to do about the cycle, but I have no idea how to do it. I have no idea how to do it, but I have no idea how to do it. I have no idea how to do it, but I have no idea how to do it. I have no idea how to do it, but I have no idea how to do it. I have no idea how to do it, but I have no idea how to do it. I have no idea how to do it. The punch from a self-pump, we're going to put the potatoes on top of the seagulls for them. Now that's the shot, let's tell what it is. Geo-sevenant, keep doing this. You have to come out of the second and then come here. I'll just change the rest of them. I'm not sure if I can explain it to you. I'm not sure if I can explain it to you. I'm not sure if I can explain it to you. I'm not sure if I can explain it to you. I'm not sure if I can explain it to you. I'm not sure if I can explain it to you. I'm not sure if I can explain it to you. That was a couple of years ago. I think it was a year ago. I was not sure about that. Because when I was in the UK, I was born in 1972. I was born in Spain. So I can say that they are all persons now, that's a nice idea to come back to them. There are a lot of people here, as Pablo, as I said. I was really lucky to be able to live here, and then I was able to go there. in 1961, tomorrow morning, because that's why I didn't tell anyone about it, because that's what I was saying. I think my last visit to the West station was in 2020. You want to start accepting the death of your own, and that's all for now, and next time we'll talk about the rest of the day, we'll be back in a bit. It's time to head to the next part of the day. We'll talk about it a bit later. Thank you for watching. We'll see you later. I grew up in a family, and I grew up in a world where we always had an unbearable, unbearable personality, and what do you do when you are a human being? I'm going to get a t-shirt and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat and a hat I also have a few questions in my head, and you can tell me in the comments. I know that today's race was in November, and that was in the 20th century. I was born in the 19th century. I was born in the 19th century. I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had to go to bed, I had I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't know what Papa was saying but I don't I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. (sniffing) So my father, my father, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son, my son But yeah, that's a, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, But I can't film more of my own, my own house, my own college, my own apartment. I don't know what it is. If you go out to the toilet, you'll see a link in the description below. I like to have dark today, and I have one of the capots here. So I say, "I can't tell you what was so bad you was in the court and back." And she can do it. I can't really leave it. I really...laughsno speech detected Thank you very much for your time. So, we have to tell you that the problem is a lot bigger. By clothing, people have a secretive tool. People can see the light, the lights are all on. The light is 8,000 and 3,000. That's 16,000. So, there's more than 20,000. More than 2,000, and this is one of the most difficult parts of the game. I don't know if it's because of this or not. I don't know if it's because of this or not. Thank you so much for watching my video. I don't know if it's because of this or not. Now. Thanks again for the blue, you're so soft-blogged. Thanks again for the blue, you're so soft-blogged. Thanks again for the blue, you're so soft-blogged. Thanks again for the blue, you're so soft-blogged. (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) voice voiceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audiono audio Silence