[00:00:01.06] USB Live Camera audio:	Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence I'll just go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead andsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceinaudible So, we are going to see what I can say in the media like others, because if you still get me in that tickle, not that hardening, but I want you to start to stop me. I'm just going to get you in that tickle, but I want you to be really careful.no speech detected I just got to be able to understand from the time you did it, but... I don't know. I just got to be able to understand from the time you did it, but... I just got to be able to understand from the time you did it, but... I just got to be able to understand from the time you did it, but...no speech detected Silence and I'm here to put it up in place.Music specifics.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS And my words about being popular on this...silence I'm going to write a word about it in the main page, "yes". I'm going to write a word about it in the main page. I'm going to write a word about it in the main page. So now I'll start with the coordinates. The following test is for me. It's described as H2. It's recognition. The first go and then the second go. It shows you the machine learning to make it a bit better. But, uh... It's a huge recognition and it seems to have a line up with some switches also interesting. We're going to sync it anyway, so I'll be able to understand a bit of that. Most recall published, followed by the NIP, followed by Jack, the transcription, and so on. Let's hear it a little bit. I'll tell you another story there today. Which is all you can call me "Sync" and which is all you can call me "Sync" Thank you for watching. You You It is like this each mission to be inscribed as called in the name of the officers on your team from the company called in to program in. It seems to do with three different things. It seems to do a phonetic analysis on the worst and it does grammatical analysis to go with the same percentages, and what does for the classical and anti-pattern seems to do with personality analysis? It seems to do a common routine.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I can use it to the value of the effects. I can use it to the value of the effects. I don't really use English, you would seem like they don't trust they are thinking of the event. So then it comes out to the common storage gadgets, they're just assuming that common storage management type of hotel or seg, which helps to make it seem like beef or something like the person that is going to sit. So I'll call it in a bit, there are three microsoft, so I'll call it in a bit.MusicMusicsilence You should analyze what other stars are at the background.MusicMusicMusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause If I'm going to need to just switch off the sub-tile on the unit. If I'm going to need to just switch off the sub-tile on the unit, then I'm going to need to the connection is sitting in the beginning of the conversation and the other is all the manipulation is one of the things you will remember is not going up itself. It is what it is being close to attention to. Silence Silence Silence I'd like to understand this, what this means for me. to want to choose who to stay alive because you can't keep telling yourself it's only going to go live on to you if you did it allow myself to stay alive on to you Silence Silence I'm not sure what I'm gonna say about this, if it's all news. Hmm, hmm. You can just send me a suggestion, as I was going through a note of my pension fund, which I spent a lot of money on, probably a bit. For both of you send me a suggestion. just as well as you cannot make up your mind about what you do. Then you want to prove the same situation going into a figure of that. For that to be personal, I need to be able to maintain my life and other conditions in this anyway, and that's what I say there is a ticket. I can't see. There's a ticket. and start to clean yourself and just try to clean yourself. So, just successfully go to the center of your ability. Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) I will fail at this, but you are on my side right now. I'm going to speak in two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, two I will be speaking to you tonight, to you tonight, to you tonight, to you tonight. So, all those again in the same space. Thanks for watching. You It's thousands of years trying to get some of those students to get into this room for them and what else they can do. you you you (sniffing) I think that's the only reason. So I think it's the reasonable that I was on the use of smide-reading stuff, you know, Thank you very much. So they are kind of crossing the bush of the internet and the path again, the nuts. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I hope that it's not true, because I said this that I chose to do my reading and I chose to manipulate people by doing a response. I hope that it's not true, because I said this that I chose to do my reading and I chose to manipulate people by doing a response. We need two bad things. You guys should get an understanding. I mean, I don't want to use practical things like... ...to the plastic surgery. Yes, you can. Say that. Well, it doesn't mean I would want to do it. That's why I have bad things. Silence Silenceno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to cut for one. Now the cushion will be good. Thanks for watching. Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audio Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Well, it's been a little people are in the families to do new shit. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I think I'm going to join also questions and the two most questions in the row and then you know, two days a week and the last year I've been on those things and the last year I've been on those things and I just say, "No, I'm just going to do it." Just one of that works. Till I'm dialing some of you. Yeah, put this on me or is it just them? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Silence So to pick it up, I already explained what is going on or in this thing, then the brain is experimenting and to talk to me about his enemy and life in a very weird way, I'm still convinced of this. So those people know I'm in deep shits. So if I were to reach out to them, what do I say? because of all this voices and money. What do you think I should do? Me no more, what should I do?no speech detected But that means we inventing simple short story. So we'll try again. Silence Silence It's not my thing, I cannot tell you not that you must try to show up there doing this not work. Definitely more fulfilling than I thought. Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence >> Now there's this for saying, we cannot say no stiff hand like a new to fine. just about a minute. So, I'm gonna like a much of us. You you you (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it? Did the m Did the mason made it? Did the mason made it?MusicMusicINAUDIBLEsilencesilence I'll show you what else I can say and pull me out of the clear. Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you very much. The other thing is that the enemy is something else, or someone else. The convinced that the enemy is this suicidal thinking. No. Yes, I'm proud of this question. I'm going to go back to my room and see if I can get a room for the next one. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence >> Yes, the phone here. >> It's coming. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Check out the kind of space that goes in the morning. Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) Whoa, is he turning? I think it will be interesting to go ahead and watch what they're saying on this topic. I think it will be interesting to go ahead and watch what they're saying on this topic. Thank you for watching. Thank you. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiosilence I'm going to take the enemy to the other direction. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC I'm going to do a little bit of music. I think I'm going to take a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of music. I think I'm going to take a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of music. I think I'm going to take a little bit of a little bit of music. I think I'm going to take a little bit of music. I think I'm going to take a little bit of music. I think I'm going to take a little bit of music. I think I'm going to take a little bit of music. I think I'm going to take a little bit of music. I think I'm going to take a little bit of music. I think I'm going to take a little bit of music. I think I'm going to take a little bit of music.MUSIC Silence Silence (indistinct chatter) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Thank you. Priorities, many living. One, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one. He's off, but he calls him X-B. When he's off, he's telling him about the absurdity for what's right on the X-B. Spectre is the only thing to do with that, and he's actually not. So, as to shame, what is better than the civil war?INAUDIBLE Thank you very much. and also often in the event of the 100 years in a lot of normal and illegal or third-day events in deprecurited, so that I must know me as I would know what to undeniable to do. 2. This is myself, very nice, to be the only one who can live here, and in this taxi, no other such thing, he must complete a royal sentence, but the man do you have a look for or not? What is that, or where? So, you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can go ahead and you can I'll show you what's in the text. I'll show you what's in the text. You I'll show you what's in the text. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So I'll mention the evening we will met with my scissors and now couple of them. That's the end of the air. I almost couldn't even hear you. Yeah, I was really, really caught up. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusic So, this is all the instruments for instruments, so you think that we have to put them all toINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to start with this, I'm going to start with this, I'm going to start with this (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePauseMusicMUSIC Thank you. Okay. So, it's just a simple thing to do. So, it's just a simple thing to do. So, it's just a simple thing to do. I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it again, I'm going to try to do it againINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Just don't need to go in the order, we should talk one more piece. You You You You Thank you very much. I don't know if I can get this. I don't know if I can get this. I don't know if I can get this. I don't know if I can get this. I don't know if I can get this. I don't know if I can get this. I don't know if I can get this. I don't know if I can get this. I don't know if I can get this. I don't know if I can get this. I don't know if I can get this.silence That's coming. Well, that's it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Background noise Background noise Silence SilenceMusicMusicinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, this is the only bit of it. So, this is the only bit of it. You So, this is the only bit of it. I'll just come out. Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silenceno audio (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I can't do anything to you. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC And then there's our ESM which I will not show you in the next video, I will not comment on this. You You You You You You You You You You (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to shut down the cable for my service. (indistinct) (indistinct) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music)no audiono audio Silence Silencesilencesilence So, I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. Silence Silence I'll see you ignore it. I'll see you ignore it. You I'll see you ignore it. Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) you you you you you you you you you (keyboard clicking) Pause Inaudible Remark Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.no speech detectedinaudible Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedCOUGH So, it's in this default. So, it's in this default. So, it's in this default.silenceinaudibleinaudible I don't know if I can tell which end.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I would like to thank you very much for your support and support. Thank you very much for your support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support and support Thank you very much for your support and support. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence I'm not saying this is not fake, I'm not saying this is a fake system. I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is a fake, I'm not saying this is fake, I'm not saying this is a fake system, I'm not saying this is a fake system. I don't think it's going to be interesting, so I'm going to try to see if I can do it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.