[06:18:03.74] OneOdio FM1:	Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So we'll take a picture of the content. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Thank you.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible have a double-pilot in the beauty of certain details, probably. So to begin to power up and fill in the critical phase and then sit down in case, you have to sit down in case. So, in the next career, there is the path of gravity in the world. So, if you sit down in the open open open open open open open open open open, you are saying the soul of this, the lots of ears, the soul of this, the eyes, the middle of the open open open. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Background noise Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) on the eastern 5th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible This children, they've got a sweet thing.Music Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Thank you very much. you you you Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silenceinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) take a couple of minutes back on index position. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) open and you can move me around and it goes to the square. and then we're going to be able to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to be able to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to be able to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to be able to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to be able to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to be able to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to be able to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to be able to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to open up a little bit of the first and then we're going to be able to open up a little bit of the (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (laughing) (laughing) Music ♪ It's your fate, you and me ♪ ♪ That I'm too much of you ♪ ♪ That I'm too much of you, you and me ♪ ♪ That I'm too much of you, you and me ♪ Music MusicMUSIC ♪ I'll give you my name ♪ ♪ I'll give you my name ♪ ♪ I'll give you my name ♪ ♪ I'll give you my name ♪ ♪ I'll give you my name ♪ Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) It's not too thin, and to agree, the answer to your answer is my phone. Oh, yeah, I had a surprise with you. You can't help but I'm going to ask you to play a sport. I'll tell you later, and I'll tell you later. I'll be right back. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) in the effective eye-gradable samples of a volume should be drinking before it's out of the clouds. Yeah, of me, I'm not allowed to let you to all the wrong effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some of the effects of some (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds Yeah, take another shot, make sure that's out. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, it's a good thing to be able to solve this problem. Yeah. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Before you ever think about the end of the other sets of events in Stompern.Speaking in German (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I would like to give you a little bit more of a stupidity. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a better job than I need a (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter)Music Background Sounds Music Music Music MusicMusic Thank you very much. and then simply here in the bucket. This is a gig of documents, and you know how to see this field. You need to come up with a big part of all that help you hold in your hands. Right, someone will get out of the stuff. Right, someone will get out of the stuff. Okay, let's see if we can take photos. (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ You please stay back ♪ ♪ And you spend up to all ♪ ♪ You're the beautiful woman of the earth ♪ ♪ And you never change the way ♪ ♪ Nothing is for you, please ♪ ♪ What? ♪ ♪ You're the beautiful woman of the earth ♪ ♪ And you're the beautiful woman of the earth ♪ ♪ Oh, say ♪ MusicMusic Inaudible Remark (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing)inaudibleMUSIC MusicMusic MusicMusicMusic MusicMUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Music Music Background Sounds Pause Pause Background Sounds Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) but the exclusive rubber and straws of each other I can't be very well in this week, because we have a lot of problems with the people who are not affected. There are a lot of problems with the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who are not affected by the people who If you have any questions, please let us know in the comments. What's on the ground to open the carpet's market? The soup of one of the delicious and the meat of the tiara is the onto me. Well, the frappers say that when she eats they do a great job. Yeah, that's your word. In one of the games break, but most of them, they're maxed in the balance. But I'm just ready to play in some noodles, and they've already talked to me for the first time in two to three so I need to be able to do all of it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >> Hey, what's up, Lenty? >> Hey, I'm here. >> What's up, Lenty? >> Hey, we're here on the smartphone. >> I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Pause Pause Silence Silence We can save it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (upbeat music) MusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Music MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible MusicMusic Music MusicMusic Music Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and hope that you are any of the same, and if so, please make sure to send us a lot of work, and I hope that you are any of the best, but I would like to ask a question now. Thank you very much for your time, and well, things are up to you. The old man of power. Hi, Hen. It's been a very good part of him. Today, I'm here with my aunt. Are you guys all? Good luck.inaudible So, it's only in Davies as the answer is. It's a answer to the wave call us. Yeah, I think too badly. I thought Davies, why did the system react to the Davies answer excited us? That's one more to be said.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, in the end, you can go to the other side of the screen, or you can't go to the other side of the screen. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible for you here, we'll be waiting to send to the people to assistance, save from bad time for these mysterious things so on, and just put out a string and drink the drinks they have eaten and saved them after a while, and we'll just save 2,000 families, thank you for this, we'll see you in the next video, bye bye, see you in the next video, bye bye bye bye, see you in the next video, bye bye bye, see you in the next video, bye byeMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible and shifts to Canada, to England, to Italy, and also to Germany, so to speak, just to the history of the arts and the Jacobs, the Jacobs, the Syntax, the British police, the Dutch, the British police, the British police, the Dutch, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, the British police, that would have been supposed to have to match that scene.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's a lot of tools that they are making. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Now you can keep it in your own hands. It is true. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MUSICMUSIC (laughing) Inaudible Remark MusicMusic Music Inaudible Remark Background noise Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Maybe you can bend this more. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and self-repecate or kill in crime. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music and solve you better. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Pause Pause Silence SilencePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and I'll tell you a very big segment. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and still being able to stop by this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Background Sounds Music Music Silence Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music MusicMusic Music MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Thanks, and welcome to the morning. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)INAUDIBLE MusicMusicMusic MusicMUSIC (indistinct chatter) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark and the rest of the family and the stonetiless you've been making. To round it on its steps, we pursue where the people sit on the table. So, a danger can be that we'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. We'll never be there in the future. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and get a deal and change it to an older age class teacher and a teacher and a peer teacher. Like I'm not a teacher, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurse, I'm a nurseMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark Music Music Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Silence >> Let's shake the lab of olden. Silence Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Music Background noise Everybody in there at the double? Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds If there is a lot of work to do to go, everything in one shot. We have to defend all of us. If you are in one shot, you can fight us. If you are in the last game, you should be up. I see that. I hope you all the time will get on this side. Hold it down for the night and just walk. But I hope you all will. You may not have needed to do this. Let's all laugh, chat, and try to participate in this. Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible RemarkMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMUSICMusic (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter)MUSIC to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be on to be onMusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Now, when, like, some of the major portion of this experience, it's supposed to be really awesome, really, to be told that it is not going to be doing that, but not trying to do that. It's supposed to be a positive, negative, negative, negative, negative, positive, negative. It's not going to be doing that. It's not going to be doing that. It's not going to be doing that. It's supposed to be positive, negative, negative, negative, negative, negative, negative, I'm here to see the page and say, "Oh, I don't know what to do." I don't know what to do. You should say it. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here. He's building up here.inaudible Inaudible Remark >> General Blonde, come in. Music Music all the bifurcations in the homies, in the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the homies of the hom Music Inaudible Remark Music Silence Silence (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) from the bill of the home for a track that we should be doing.Music Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) But in the end, John don't show the pain, the pain will start, and must it seems pain. To the end, you ain't bad enough, so this is about bad enough pain. Of course, it was, and I saw that some of that was a pain that I was very scared of. John don't show the pain, we just start seeing this, and this is good enough to let lots of fighting on us. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark You can't do this to the perfect point.MUSIC (upbeat music) Music SilenceMusic Music Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Music Music Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Yes, sir. It's a bomb. It's a bomb. A shoe bat.Music Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Pause (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Inaudible Remark But it's your right page, it looks fine, because it's 8.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I mean, you know, it's a pretty little shit, he spawns for uncare, and then it won't work. We did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull it, we did not pull I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going I'm not saying you know what it is, but you may know what it is, but you may know what it is.MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds I don't know why I think so. - Yes, that's smart. (laughing) Inaudible Remark Yeah.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible How was that?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic Music Music >> Give it up. >> It's it. Music MusicMusic Inaudible MusicMusicinaudible Inaudible Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) No, that's the gate not that's valid. Inaudible Remarkinaudible (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible show this steel to the surface to be removed from some builds, and to take it from the base of an ultimately swathe mat, and to use it from built-in to be from some darker elements, and to make sure that it is from the inside of the metal place. I get the door to the wall, but it is made up for the door to be removed from the sides. I pull it and then I use it in the middle of the door to the sides. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I really want to start from the first time I did it, because it's so hard to do it.Music to help to use the tools that we've been using. The project should have tools for ordinary implementation for tools to see if they're useful. If there are any tools needed to be run, it tends to act as a tool for all of the new technologies. So, it's better to cut for some of them. It's a standard tool to put it out. Something that can be used in creating new technologies that are running through the tools. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark And you're going to have to go into this scene. See what you can do if you want to. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Remark (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing)Music If you're all simple, if you're all useful, you'll sense it's a great idea. I hope you're all innocent. We'll hear a few more questions. But it's just something... It's something... Sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss But it's just something... (soft music) - Behold your chest. (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music)PausePausePauseMusic MusicMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMUSICinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible How to set the approach here then we need to talk about the effect. So remember what's here then. We've got a few of these. Music Music Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Music Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Oh, I'm sorry.Music Music Background noise MusicMUSIC Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'll go down to it.Music Thank you. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Is it okay to die, you think? Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm not. I'm just not doing the same thing, but I'm not happy with that. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. I'm just doing the same thing. Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Music Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible We have all of it. The map. The map. The map. The map. The map. The map. The map. The map. The map. The map. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark She will just stand there. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I can have a record of what is in here, some three of the most important things in the world. It's just that it's a lot more than a soft-boost or something. It's just a painting or something. It's just a painting or something. It's just a painting or something. It's just a painting or something. It's just a painting or something. It's just a painting or something. It's just a painting or something. It's just a painting or something. It's just a painting or something. It's just a painting or something. So that's absolutely the same with fans who can't survey them through the 70's in the open out-of-the-shop product. You can have a fancy way in this one, but that's absolutely the same with fans who can't survey them through the 70's in the open out-of-the-shop product. You can have a fancy way in this one, but that's absolutely the same. Basically, if you can't get in the bottom to this, and this is the same, but that's really the same. So I'm going to use a light in the end. Inaudible Remark Background noise Music Thanks. Bye.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC Music Music Silence Silence Silence >> With the sunset, we'll help you. Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, that's what's... So, that's what's... So, that's what's... Background SoundsMUSICINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise And I shall write it in the video. I'll just have to leave it to you. I'll just have to leave it to you. I'll talk to you later in the next video.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to go straight out of my skull and visit your aunties. I'll be in the TV TV TV, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, don't say anything, Background Soundssilence Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Remark So, I will go ahead and say, "I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say, 'I'm going to go ahead and say,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence SilenceMUSICPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise You can see it on the screen, you can see it on the screen, you can see it on the screen, you can see it on the screen, you can see it on the screen, you can see it on the screen, So, this is the first time I think you can get a little bit of a mistake in this, but Inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark Music Background noise Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise What happened?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music Silence Background noise >>Inaudible Inaudible Remark One comes, he's going to be up to eight, aren't he?Music Music Silence Music Music Sound Effects Sound Effects Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much. Thank you so much for listening to this, and I'm glad I'm doing what I've been doing. I'm 10,122, and I'm just seeing that it's available to my whole next full stream of Spiderman. But I'm really happy that my student will react, not should know, or it should be interesting to know that it's interesting to spend my stream for that, and I'll see you in the next video. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusic Music Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Background SoundsMusic MusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark I'll give you a close look at all of this, uh, uh, very, very deep, deep look.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (laughs) (indistinct) Yes, we are. (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) Do you want to see that? Do you want to see that? Do you want to see that? Do you want to see that? Do you want to see that? Do you want to see that? Do you want to see that? Do you want to see that? Do you want to see that? Do you want to see that? Do you want to see that? Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds This is the last show. It was a brilliant stop to get into the challenge by fixing the function as we had shown to you to help bring it up a bit. For the real life, you always do a great relationship with the nation, and you still do some better part of it. You can do it with your hands and legs, and you can do it with your feet, and you can do it with your feet. Inaudible Remark (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Inaudible Remark Oh, I switched my balance. Turn button. Turn off the lock. Again. We need to adjust. All right. We need to cut it off. Go on. We'll see you in a minute. Take a second. That's what it says. That's it. Go on. Pull that cap. Pull it off. I have to pull it off. Don't worry about it. Take it. Take it. Take it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence InaudibleINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Go ahead. Oh, good, very interesting, very nice one, I'll show them a pretty good one there. So, I'll see if I can find any of these benches. Got any of these in your wallet? Yeah.inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark That's a little more of a set of results, if you're not starting from a set you're doing the right. Good to be in the way. There is a burden on you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Music Music Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds (indistinct chatter)inaudibleinaudibleMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (indistinct) Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I want you to walk me the way you're going to live with yourself. I'm going to be in your car for a bit. It's a boss.MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC That's it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds or something, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, or a scene, Inaudible Remark Music Starting right. Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds MusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMUSIC (indistinct) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (audience laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Music Inaudible Remark Music Background noise Inaudible Remark So, stop!MusicMUSICMusic Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSIC (chattering) Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (dog barking) Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I don't know if there's a previous unit here, but there are only a couple of these, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a page, you get a MusicMusicinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The system enacted two hundred only chance and the Canadian get it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) But I do want to do a little bit more in terms of the relaxing, relaxing, relaxing, relaxing and relaxing. But I do want to do a little bit more in terms of the relaxing, relaxing, relaxing, relaxing and relaxing, and I'm going to do this. Let's go and find a closer. The person else needs to go and relax. Let's go and find a closer. The person else needs to go and relax. Let's go and find a closer. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Background noise So, we have to go back to that point and see if we can see the difference between the two. So, we have to go back to that point and see if we can see the difference between the two and the two. to make some possible for you to go to the other side of the room.PausePausePausePause Inaudible Inaudible Remark Please stop through both of them a lot. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughing)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) if you get me to the job study. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to do the annotation.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) the first success that I did for this team. If you leave it out, you can use two.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible You're not going to find the surface here.inaudibleinaudible >> Thank you. MusicMusicMusic MusicMUSIC Inaudible Remark against a lot of all classes. How do you say that was important?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark InaudibleMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark And that's the reason why I'm talking about St. C. Overture, not the stuff that I'm getting to do, probably be the best of the truth, not the best of the truth, and then we'll be in that day. I'll bet they're really stupid. I'll assume sweet. I'm going to go out in all sheath. I'm going to look back at you. See you later. Bye. (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark and then we can get it in that house. Four, and then we can get it in that house. Okay. Music Music Music Background Sounds Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MUSIC Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, the group said, "I killed five minutes, "but I think it's 0.412." I think you're going to need to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet in the shape of your head, so that you're going to put your feet (upbeat music) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The news is not about the identity of the insurgent system. The government is trying to provide a portal to the system. The government is trying to provide a portal to the system. The government is trying to provide a portal to the system. The government is trying to provide a portal to the system. The government is trying to provide a portal to the system. The government is trying to provide a portal to the system. The government is trying to provide a portal to the system. The government is trying to provide a portal to the system. The government is trying to provide a portal to the system. The government is trying to provide a portal to the system.inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Inaudible Remark (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music Music Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Let's hear it.inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and then the next little character in the present and adult world. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It showed the roughest inch of my best state of the week. Music Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic Music A fair center there, God. Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (indistinct)Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I see it in the middle of my life, I want to be a homebarcer in our summer. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So I'll check it out, so we'll need to take it in a minute. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) But the three of us, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one in the middle of it. Thanks a lot. Silence Silence Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Inaudible RemarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Pause >> This is so pretty, I guess. Pause >> Almost as much. What are our records in the project in that?INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYING Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music Why are you up in the... This is it, this is it. You're both alive and must be alive. You're not even... You're not even going to be alive. You're tired of the time. You're going to fix your shit. Thank you all. I'm not going to make you fat, but it's the last time I've done a lot. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I think it's on the phone, shall we? Inaudible Remark So what we're going to do now is we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, and we're going to get all the data from the students, (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark That, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE That was 30 minutes. Music Background Soundsinaudible I'm just a pro at horsey, I'm a pro at horsey, I'm a pro at horsey. Inaudible Remark What do you expect from a farm farm for? Who do you expect from a farm farm for? You see, I've never had any of the elegant carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers. I've never had any of the carwashers.Musicinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and it is between a new adventure for us in the weekend. There are two different things, one that is very interesting. I think that this year has, it's not very, very, very interesting for us. Before I see this, I think, yeah, I would need to implement four. I just want to try it out. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE I don't know if you can see it from the side of the page. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible So maybe two more people are going to be interested to see them.INAUDIBLE Right.INAUDIBLE Right.INAUDIBLE Right, and I'll give you a little bit of a little bit of a simple thing back then.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE So, I think that was the only option to choose, and of course it's a critical name. I think what names, but all the hundreds, total of thousands, thousands, nearly 80 certain things, so for me, I don't know the musical name, and I'm simply going to go in to give each of the things to that by saying that I'm in the same year, fair, full of gratitude. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible We need now a certain document for this conversation. Oh, well, yeah, it's interesting. It's interesting, one of the best, and the other way.INAUDIBLE Just--INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and we can all change it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible And I think it's better to be an input for the flag. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) In the old town of Matron, she had made a simple style. She had written on twisty student black, and she said, "You know what? It's not from him. He said, "You can't keep your hands on me." And she said, "You know what? It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll speak in a short form, we'll go ahead and finish soon, we'll go. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You have practiced a bit of the dance. One runs and one likes to get and try to keep one more week. Deep and beautiful, don't you want to do it? You're going to start six or six or two more months. But yeah, we were going to break. We took care of it to the field. We also had to move on to the next level. So we're working on the next level, and we started with the music. We love the music. We have a passionate performance. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) is it right out of your head and in the same way that you're bound to the hands of a snake that you can't run away from. You don't need to go negate them to make a way around the parallel of the other side of the tool line. So far you haven't run away from the snake. You've seen us far away. Yeah, I've happened many times to me. It's like you're out of your head. If you keep your plan, you'll be able to go back on it. It's not the best again. It's your ought to reach it. It's the best. It's the best. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) is a bit of an end up to change our size and bring it back. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Very good, it is a change, it is a change. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark MusicMUSICINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music MusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark That's the knowledge you have. All of the values that we have in the case of the end, we should reach. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Even in jiffy, I'm not sure if thanks to the two or six professions of education. Thank you. Entry, I'm not. I don't believe in love. Where's our lunch? Thanks for the food. I've got something on my suit. I'm going to go get it.inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music Silence Silence Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark That's how we being a lot of thought. Even if it's not a lot of truth. Okay, thank you. Thank you very much for your time. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) for a very big, big, big world. Inaudible Remark Music I just have to ask you to come up and ask the students because I'm a hard leader. Come up and go. You'll join it. You'll work your own years. You'll have to see your students from the top. You'll have to use it. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead.Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remarkinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) but if you have failed eyes to open your eyes and understand the sound of the glass, the walls are familiar, so you think this will be better left out. For example, if you are lost, you will lose a piece of tape, but there's an illusion from the ship of a band, and it will be interesting for some other visitors to take a taxi to the shore of the mountain to London, so you can go into the taxi, and you will have a little interview on the top of the road. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you. Music Inaudible Silence Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic So, I'm going to ask you a question, I'm going to ask you a question, I'm going to ask you a question.Music Music InaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark We're going to start. Found it.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusic That will be a part seven. Or a ten, so a ten, five parts three. Ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten,inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, I'm going to go to the next slide, I'm going to go to the next slide, and I'm going Background SoundsMUSIC Music Sound Effects Sound Effects Pause Inaudible Remark I'm going to do a 16-second call for the meeting and I'll be right back, just a minute. I always want to be in the district. You don't need to be suddenly there. Just a little bit more. Okay.Music Inaudible Remark MusicinaudibleMusic You'll see more of the 16th century down. See what's that? You'll get back to all of our famous food.Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds I'd see what the thing has to do with all of this. We'll look at that. Then things have to go so that we're... ...all right, just five times, and I see the shape of this matrix, and we'll look at this. This is it. You know, I think it looks great.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic I'm going to go on and go on. (audience member mumbles) (audience member mumbles) (audience member mumbles) (audience member mumbles) (audience member mumbles) (audience member mumbles)MUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible RemarkMUSIC (indistinct chatter)Music Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC Background Sounds Silencelaughter (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Background Sounds I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't right, I can't believe that this isn't rightMUSIC Music MusicMusicMusic Thank you very much. you you you Silence Silence Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music Background SoundsMUSICMusic Music Silence Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Thank you very much. and so as to balance. Don't fall through the hidden view that feels reasonable. Do it instantly. I'll sound a pleasure. I'll walk you to the front fence. I'll walk you to the front fence. I'll walk you to the front fence. I'll walk you to the front fence. I'll walk you to the inside. I'll walk you to the inside. I'll walk you to the inside. I'll walk you to the inside. I'll walk you to the inside. I'll walk you to the inside. I'll walk you to the inside. I'll walk you to the inside. I'll walk you to the inside. I'll walk you to the inside. I'll walk you to the inside. I'll walk you to the inside. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The mission of the Sweden Health and Scala will be that we will be able to meet with your own cell. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Music Music Music MusicMusicMUSIC Music Music Inaudible Remarkinaudible Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)INAUDIBLEMusic Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music Background Sounds Music Inaudible Remark Silence Music (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Silence SilenceMusic Background SoundsMUSICMUSIC Music Music Music ♪ Sometimes I feel like I'm feeling a lot of pain ♪ ♪ I feel like I'm feeling a lot of pain ♪ ♪ I feel like I'm feeling a lot of pain ♪ ♪ I feel like I'm feeling a lot of pain ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music MusicMusic Music MusicMUSIC MusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark It's a great music. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusicMusicMusicinaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Music Silence This is true.Music ♪ I'm so glad, yeah, big surprise ♪ ♪ So I'll see you later for a little bit ♪ ♪ And today, never end, I'll do it ♪ ♪ Yeah, that's right, and I'll sing you a great thing ♪ ♪ Don't know how to be there ♪ ♪ It's all time, give me the same ♪ ♪ It's been a touching time ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusicMusic MusicMUSICMUSIC (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Background Sounds Silence Music Music So, right. So, right now, we're going to have a couple of questions. So, let's go to the next question.MusicMusicMUSICMUSIC Music Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusic MusicMUSICMUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds >> Thank you. >> So, great times, great musician.MUSIC Background Sounds Background Sounds MusicMUSICMusic Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remark MusicMUSICMusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMUSICMUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) Inaudible Remark (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) (chanting in foreign language) MusicMusic Music Background SoundsMusicMusicMusic Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Music Music Silence Silence Silence Music Music Silence Silence (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Hey, you know they're suffering ♪ ♪ Hey, you know they're suffering ♪ ♪ Seven, seven, eight, eight, eight ♪ ♪ Seven, seven, eight, eight, eight ♪MUSIC Music Music Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Yes, it's. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Background SoundsMusic Silence Silence Silence Music Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Music Silence Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remarkinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (laughing) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Thank you very much. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible And he's making for me a tomato sauce with tomato juice. How do you want me to actually eat this?INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and she thinks that she's a very busy kid. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Silence Thank you. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (indistinct chatter)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and do the art to prove you are here.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I did a detailed day to do it again, yeah, I'm just doing some easy form with it on this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to queue down to that queue out to that queue. We're still packed to the top of the test, and the top, you know, packed your balls and builds so effortlessly. So, to complete those, we're going to make some validations of our own, and we're going to make some validations of our own, and we're going to make some validations of our own, and we're going to make some validations of our own, and we're going to make some validations of our own, and we're going to make some validations of our own, and we're going to make some validations of our own, and we're going to make some validations of our own, and we're going to make some validations of our own. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) and the number two is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the number eight is the number seven, the number eight is the numberinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Silence Background SoundsMusic MusicMUSICMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Music Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Thanks. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Remarkinaudible (audience laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Background SoundsMUSICMUSIC Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusicMusicMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And a lot of such things like your work, too many things, in truth. The other end, we must all dance like what you want to see, that the music you create in parallel is really small. So, at this point, if I was to add, here's the show, we'll do a break-in to the studio for a round-out. Here's the grand-pite, two grand-pilots. In a matter of the record, you'll need some costumes. Then, all of us will let you cast out a grand-pilots, and then you'll be able to do a great, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful moment. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC MusicMUSIC Background Sounds Musicinaudible and that's the solution that's not going to work. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, I hope you enjoyed this video, if you enjoyed it, please subscribe to my channel and hit the like button if you want to see more videos like this, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Music Music Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, that will end there, we will talk about the process and the next presentation of your website, of FUNA. Thank you so much for your time today. I'm just saying for the engines, I'm going to talk about the engine. to share what you'll support in the new technology. I think the data is very good. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. We're going to do this. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible So here's the dreams and the future. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll send it for all the listeners who only make it for themselves. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Music Background Sounds Music Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic Let me get in the door, get out of the shop, ladies and gentlemen.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Background Sounds Music (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) (indistinct chatter) Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background Soundsinaudible Music (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) (audience member speaking off mic) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We need to point things. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remarkinaudible Hey, if I can tell us where we're going to end it then we're going to end it right on the bottom floor, and then we'll just grab you there, and I'm just going to talk to you guys every day. I'm just going to end it with these little dices. Several people were feeling these things. Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Music Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much for your time. I'm just going to give you an example of the capability of the answer, which is in all the meaning of the answer. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questions. So many questionsMUSIC Silence Pause Pause Thank you. Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remarkinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's the 80th Projects at the end. Inaudible RemarkMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background noise Music Music Music Music Silence Silence Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and you will see in front of you on it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) So, I'm going to say that I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go back to my family and I'm going to have to go (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Background noisePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Music Background noise Background noise Silence SilenceMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic MusicMUSIC Music Music Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It has a bullet bag with both hands on the satin dang cells hold your skin to skin. Good luck, the children, miss you here. Inaudible Remark Thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so much for joining us today, thank you so Inaudible RemarkMusicMusic Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark and fill the touches to baby conscious and touches for purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr purr pur So when he is out and that he is in, let's not talk with our students, and they also see that we go, "Target, what are you doing?" "What is the quality of it?" "We are only able to teach it to the first level." "This is a central challenge, would you go?" "What is the quality of it?" (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible So far so loose, and under such a sensitive eye, ways agonism around the manifestance of the faith, human bloodshed, and other rights. It's been on shuffles, they're all Catholic, they're as eat, and all the things that they're saved are not in the quality of life. It's not for these houses. Aim it to shuffles, or to kick, and remove all the symptoms back to be insane enough. It's so fast, they're going to shuffles back in here. I don't understand how kids are all having fun with this thing, I think they might be able to do it in the wild, but I'm very excited to be able to meet them, so I'm so delighted to be able to get into the fact that I can find joy at that place. I think that's the only thing you need to know about this thing, because I'm just going to be able to help out. So that's a starting point, so I think it's a certain circumstance that is always like it's in there, and it's just something that's a lot of sense.inaudibleinaudible to that, and then we're going to listen to Simulta's call about it. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) in the post, and then we fix it with a reference here in the top of the list. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language)inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background noiseinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkinaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Silence Inaudible Remark Pause So, I'm going to go to the next slide. Inaudible Inaudible Remark So this is what we have in fact, we have to look at the numbers, in sequence to be the number 3, and that's number 3, and it's number 2, and it's number 2, and it's number 2, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, and it's number 3, number of the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at the numbers, we have to look at theMusicMUSICinaudible Inaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remark My lips are a little bit sticky, I like it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic MusicMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPauseinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Just be honest, I'm...MUSIC Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Music Inaudible RemarkMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's the 84th and 60th, the 21st, the 24th, the 24th, the 24th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25th, the 25 Silence Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So, this is the first time I've seen this, this is the first time I've seen this, I've Background noise So, I'm going to be able to find the answer to that. Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Music Inaudible Remark Pause Pause I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible and you can see the info on the website. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm in there to present because my company will then say to you that I'm from here. I'll have to put you in a small, to be able to move forward in a way that you can move forward. Don't don't think you're paying for what you've been doing. You don't want to do so much as I do. You don't want to do so much as I do. You don't want to do so much as I do. You don't want to do so much as I do. You don't want to do so much as I do. You don't want to do so much as I do. You don't want to do so much as I do. You don't want to do so much as I do. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music The end of the stop-to-house-it. We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? We have a million understages, right? Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Inaudible RemarkMUSIC MusicMusicMusic MusicMusicMusic see if it is possible for you.MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Let's make it to the sea.MusicMusicMusic Music Music Music Background Sounds Silence Silence Pause Pause Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Music Background noise Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (inaudible) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE that you only think that you think this is how it is. That is only to be human or powerful. If that's what's starting to happen, it's a broader sense. Don't solve that. It's a nice system for this. A lot of people who suffer in this region and don't follow the human talks about how they are less successful or less, and what I say to them, they are talking to this system. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible And I'm just going to say it's a different generation. It's the 80s, and a lot of people get it. It's a lot of stuff. It's a good thing. It's a lot of stuff. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much. Thank you very much.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible (indistinct) (upbeat music) (indistinct) (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC MusicMusic Inaudible Remark Music (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) Silence Silence Thank you very much. MusicMusic Since then, we've been able to create a group of people that are having a little bit of a year and have a little bit of experience with lots of different things about it. So, you do really need to set a link to get the things done. So, we've been able to set a link to get the things done. Why not set a link to get the things done? We do some of the things that we can do. We need to do some of the other things that we can do, and we wish that we'll have a lot of time. We do need a lot of time. Just to guarantee that we're a software producer. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's why we are in thousands of countries. We are still working late in the global world. We are still working late in the global world. We are still working late in the global world. We are still working late in the global world. We are still working late in the global world. We are still working late in the global world. We are still working late in the global world. We are still working late in the global world. We are still working late in the global world. We are still working late in the global world. We are still working late in the global world. Inaudible RemarkMUSICMUSIC Do you understand that?MUSICMUSIC Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music Background noise (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and have to go to the group for some sort of an event or a meeting. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, we'll see you in the next video. They fidget, so about the age we could try. They did, I think it's more than I said before. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice.Music InaudibleMusicINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, if they can look down to some of the other things that you can see, this one figure. So, if they can look down to some of the other things that you can see, this one figure. So, we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little a little bit more time to talk about this, and we are going to have a little bit more time Inaudible RemarkPause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music Sound EffectsPausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to hear us on the first stage, we can't afford to hear it, but I'll try to get you in. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) Silence Silence Silence Silence (singing in foreign language)Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMUSIC ♪ All my concerns ♪ ♪ I love you, but can you even hear ♪ ♪ That it's me ♪ ♪ That it's me ♪ ♪ That it's me ♪ ♪ That it's me ♪ ♪ That it's me ♪ ♪ And I'm trapped in the deep, so deep ♪ ♪ I'm trapped in the long, I don't sleep ♪ ♪ And I'm trapped in the fine, and see that you don't need to sleep ♪ ♪ I'm trapped in the deep, so trapped ♪ MusicMUSIC Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I just showed it to the judges on backhand route. You know you can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. You can't stand in there. I'm sorry, I don't have any other words to say. I'm sorry, I don't have any other words to say. I'm sorry, I don't have any other words to say. I'm sorry, I don't have any other words to say. I'm sorry, I don't have any other words to say. I'm sorry, I don't have any other words to say. I'm sorry, I don't have any other words to say. I'm sorry, I don't have any other words to say. I'm sorry, I don't have any other words to say. I'm sorry, I don't have any other words to say. I'm sorry, I don't have any other words to say. Background Sounds Background Sounds MusicMUSIC MusicMusic Background Sounds Silence Silence Pause Pause Pause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) and so let's think about it, let's see if we can find a hand and present this, and so if you need to go there. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) All is for the ramen. Comfort is totes. The 80s and 1000s feature. This is a modern set. It's a modern set. It's a modern set. Thank you for watching.Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Thank you very much. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music MusicMusicMusicMusic Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music ♪ It is, it is, it is, it's your show ♪ ♪ It is, it's your castle ♪ ♪ Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da- ♪ It is, it is, it is, it's your show ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ Was love you gave ♪ ♪ All I needed for you is a dream ♪ ♪ Though I am a dream ♪ ♪ Of me ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Though I'm too much to tell you ♪ ♪ And so be it ♪Music Music Music Music MusicMusic You can choose perspective and see in a couple of minutes. But you need that for your own perspective. You must tone it in your heart. You should think in the end. Think of something like this, and that will get to you. But it's impossible. I think it's able to get to you. If you still do this in a state of emergency, but you can't do anything in a state of emergency. It's about the youths, or the people of the perspective. So, if you don't do anything, and by helping you, you can move the hearts in a perfect way. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible if you're the same bad guy, you're the only team in the face, so they feel the space. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say,inaudible From ending, from coming out here in the middle of this set of march, each other with a walk and a slot.MusicMusic Music Music Background Sounds Music MusicMusic ♪ And I never did anything to see before the moment ♪ ♪ And I never did anything to see before the moment ♪ ♪ And I never did anything to see before the moment ♪ ♪ And I never did anything to see before the moment ♪ Silence Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible and some of that you might be wondering. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to do it in my ear. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Make them go next and just go to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the right and then to the Music Silence Silence to be the business. I get it, it's here in 21. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) is the extended lady of me here.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Music Music Music Music Background Sounds Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Music MusicMUSIC Silence Inaudible Remark And I think it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it's a bit, yeah, it (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSICMusicMUSICMUSICMUSIC Background noise You're not taking in the 18th stop, guys.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Filled with a genuine pan-grain depression from a few euros.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering) (audience chattering)Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) to first see my work out and then I've been out to see my father to see my father to see that everyone, the rest of the world so fits so well, come up, then forth from us in the present day, so I'm so ashamed for what's ahead is all about the evil, all the men to be resourced, but they don't say it first from either side, you don't have to catch, and all the men say it's not good for our deeds. Well, the right thing to say to you is that in us, we are all standing in the back.inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, we're just going to take you to a little bit of the grass and let's go through for two more. There isn't so much grass damage in this game, right? And it's way too much, it's also way too much for a typical grassian. So, I think in the first and most of my long-term system of health is still off, but in the hope that I'm back with this much stuff in it, I can work both well, bring some fun, be as far as I'm standing, and I'll see you in the next one. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) side team and team for the equal income players. It's the 80s production of each of us now. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence in the 80s, that would be the most important thing in the history of that country, and this link in the register of the Dresden National Park Station would be the most important thing in the history of that country. So, then I asked what? Well, I had a tea locker from that show. It is the most important thing in the history of that country. It is the most important thing in the history of that country, and it would be no mention that everybody had a thousand out of it.MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You can't go to smell any metal from all the things that you've done tonight. You can't even move your stuff or move. So they want the Helikman to be able to see what it's like to throw a ship into the crowd. One shot you got from the same shot you got this year. But because, yeah. So they don't see you have to kill it. They've been saved for a bad day with good people. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Music MusicPause This is the first time I've ever seen a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, a person like me, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) There will be Nelson and the Pacific kids in slightly different ways to make sure that they are all healthy. So, if they do, they will have them with the kids because they want to be a girl. One, two, three, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight, four, eight So, if they are all healthy, they will have them with the kids and they will have them with the kids. (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Music Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, see me at the end of the rest of the story. but it does need a band to set equal in capacity. The band is still nice. The band is still nice. The band is still nice. The band is still nice. The band is still nice. Background Sounds MusicMusic Music Music MusicMUSICMUSIC Music Inaudible RemarkMusicMUSIC (indistinct chatter) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Background SoundsMusic Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) But the fact that students are still in this world, and they're not as well as the rest of the people in Canada. They are doing this from 50-year-olds, as a group. They're just working to go back to New York, and although students have failed, we are on the road and we're in the class. We are in the 17th and 17th, and we're here to find some evidence. So many things in the 18th, and I hope that I will see you in the next one.inaudibleMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) Let's see if he has this. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Music Background noise Background noise Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background SoundsMusic Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And then you make it into another piece, you do exactly what you're going to start in, and then you start to go through the water and you're going to see that it's going to be the tunes for us as well, and then you're going to see that it's going to be the one that's going to start to change, and then you're going to see that it's going to change, and then you're going to see that it's going to change, and then you're going to see that it's going to change, and then you're going to see that it's going to change, and then you're going to see that it's going to change, and then you're going to see that it's going to change, and that's it for this program as well, I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you in the next video. Thank you for watching. Background Sounds (inaudible) It's the show for the Cybersiebred boys and there's an award this to this, overlaid to me, 50 was the film, film, film, film, film, it's a label.inaudibleMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background noiseMUSIC (indistinct chatter) Music Music Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkPause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) The next one was so much stronger than we call it, it was from a very precise time, so it was an epic time. The next one was so much stronger than we call it, it was from a very precise time, so it was an epic time. The next one was so much stronger than we call it, it was from a very precise time, so it was an epic time. is what it does in a lot of things, and it is a lot of things, and played out safe for some innocent mental issues with those kinds of things. There's a game that's in the end and we're in a new way, the new system to that comes and the soul was trained with all of the impacts of new decades, but we've been able to participate in anybody in the years, we've got to just start the end and we've got to work for access on the other hand, and we've got to put on this faith in the state of life. To talk it started first, what they installed with one octave, so by the way girls in three, don't shoot them to the other, but in response, they happen to see if any swath will be treated, they start not able to see us, but in short, both you will not see if you will be able to do that. Seven of them swathed, and we did some versing, we found that it's in swath bullets. But the installed in external sanctism, with agents, where it's in the middle of (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's more different than something else. It's the role of Mary, the daughter of a son of a college. Her name is Mary, and she's with us for the rest of the year. So the ultimate role is Mary, and she's with us for the rest of the year, and then she's with us for the rest of the year, and then she's with us for the rest of the year, and then she's with us for the rest of the year, and then she's with us for the rest of the year, and then she's with us for the rest of the year. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMUSIC I'm going to be there today. I want to be a part of it. There we go, I'm going to be back upon the same day. I want you to spray, and I'm still out there waiting on the moon. Here we go, here we are, and I'm in one wake-up in the sea that doesn't sleep, and I'm fine, I'm changing, I'm in the sea.MusicMusic Background SoundsMusic Music Music Silence Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible And then we'll see you in the next video. Thank you very much for watching. We've got a lot of us.MUSIC Music Music Music Music Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Thank you very much. Thank you very much.MUSIC Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicMusic MusicMUSIC Music Pause Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So if you want to make a healthy normal, then it's certain that all of it is not for the total energy, so for a period, then you need to make sure that you can ascend in. We will be sure. We need to know that since it's still hard. It's not so hard, it's not so hard. Ah, that's what I was going to jump in, and you can do it in this normal and so on. So we look at how we need to put it in. Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Music Silence Silence Silence Background Sounds Music Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you so much for watching the video, forget to show that, bye bye. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSIC Background Sounds Inaudible Silence SilenceMUSICMUSIC Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (inaudible) Inaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible InaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Music Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (inaudible) Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPauseMusic Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Inaudible Remark I said, "Don't solve it."inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Silence Inaudible RemarkSilenceSilence Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Background noise Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Inaudible Remark SilenceMUSIC >> You see what we've got? >> That's a perfect example. >> What?MUSIC Music Music Music Music Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Also, I don't know if you can see it too, I don't know if you can see it too, I don't know if you can see it too, I don't know if you can see it too.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (inaudible) (inaudible) So, what? No. So, what's the last thing? Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible RemarkMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds SilenceMUSIC (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Music Background noiseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Background noise Background Sounds Thank you very much. Let me see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see it, see Inaudible Remark Thank you. I'm sitting in the cabin, though. Mr. McKinney, since you've come all along. The day you don't see your cut, why do I brush my hair?Birds chirping Music Background SoundsMUSIC Music Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Music Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible If you know who that is, how are we, what kind of development is our way? Background noise Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusic Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Thank you very much. Inaudible RemarkMusic Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.BELL RINGS Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark MusicMusic Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Inaudibleinaudible Inaudible Inaudible Inaudible Remark Okay, give me the money, give me the seventh, seventh, fifth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixthinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. So, if you have any questions, I would like to ask you a few questions, and I would like toINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Music Music Background Sounds Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise Pause Pause Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Okay. Yeah. That's very good. Come on. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good. Inaudible Remark So that's how things are done, and that's why I always have to be, be strong with attention. Don't worry, it's a good experience for us. So I'm going to turn it off for the 1 to 7 p.m. So if you guys are all fine, it's better to just go. So we're going to keep up with that. This is the day to break down. All of everyone's presence is breaking. There's just a couple of things we need to do.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise Inaudible Inaudible Remark (audience laughing) - No, I'm not ready. (audience laughing) - Sit down. - Sit down. - Sit down. - Come on. (audience laughing) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Background noise Background Sounds Yes. Yes. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Inaudible Remark So, I'll have that, so I'm going to begin that. SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Pause Pause Inaudible Remark I don't know what this does in our club. Find a seat here and I'll give you all of the floor. If you can find out, you can get in there, and move in to the floor, and move in to the floor, and move in to the floor. I don't want you to be a fan. Today's land is going to be down to the South of Illinois and it's going to be a city. That's not long to explain. That is the issue of law. In. No. Law is such a threat. It's got something to be known. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Yes, by the background for a minute, I'll talk to you with a lot of questions. I really like it. We're looking on the shoulder, isn't it? What's the correct order of the set? I don't know. Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Pause Okay.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible All right, see you tonight at the same building that comes from the floor, where we willINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudible Music All right, all right. Music the subject is finished. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Come back, I love it, you're good. Thanks for watching. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Music Musicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)inaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Inaudible Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible Like you can see the center of the belly, so you can put it all over your head. Like you can see those lines of that, and that's what we're talking about, and it's very strong, and you can see that there's a lot of space, and you can see that there's a lot of space on this side, and you can see that there's a lot of space on this side. Inaudible Remark Music You also consider that if you listen to the sound of the sound, you can make your head walk and be nuts. Or if you have to. Don't take on any of our lives. Yes. (Coughing) (Coughing) (Coughing) Silence So, we're going to go back to what's the system. We're going to go back to what's the system. We're going to go back to what's the system. We're going to go back to what's the system. We're going to go back to what's the system. We're going to go back to what's the system. We're going to go back to what's the system. We're going to go back to what's the system. We're going to go back to what's the system. We're going to go back to what's the system. Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicPause Music Silence Silence Okay, see you.MusicMusic I'll start with the metal. Do you like it? Do you like it? Do you like it? Do you like it? Do you like it? Do you like it? Do you like it? Do you like the metal? Do you like it? Do you like it? Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background noise Background noise Background noise So this is the next step. So start having a boom. Start with a stoat of the shards, and then on to the next step, and so on that, we're going to start having a boom, and so on. So on that, we're going to start with a boom, and the boom, we're going to start with a boom, and then we're going to start with a boom. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic I report a sentence on our front and our state. I've been in my mother's office for six months. We've been in share, I'll say. It's all this. It's a sentence on our front. We'll report that. It's a sentence. We'll report that. It's a sentence. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background Sounds (indistinct) If you're the president, you're the one who wants to sit and share this fabulous moment of peace and justice. Most notably, the governor of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the If you're the president, you're the one who wants to sit and share this fabulous moment of peace and justice. >> Let's go now, everybody. >> Yes. >> No, no, no. >>INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Music Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Pause PauseINAUDIBLEinaudible So, if you have any questions, please let me know in the comments.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Background Soundsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Music Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) (inaudible)INAUDIBLE Music, kick it yourself.INAUDIBLE Music, kick it yourself. Music, kick it yourself. Music, kick it yourself. Music, kick it yourself. Music, kick it yourself. Music, kick it yourself. Music, kick it yourself. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silence Silence So, I don't think it'd be possible. This is the status. Thanks. Sorry systems, have a bio, have a bio, and we should spend so much time together, so we can talk about it. So, one year is the end. Inaudible Remark Inaudible MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible RemarkMusic Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Thank you. Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Remark Background SoundsINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Background noise Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Music Music Music Silence Silence Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Music Background noise So, you would find something that pretty much, more than that, behind it all, it's too neat to be able to sense the level of nervousness here, so I'll have to stop it, okay. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Music Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to go to the bathroom. No. No. Background Sounds Background noise Pause Pause Background noise Background Sounds Background Sounds You're going to be a little bit more patient, you're going to be a little bit more patient. Inaudible Remark Pause >> One, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, one, two, three, two, one, two, one, two, one Pause Music So, this is it. I don't know if it's just before, but it's high-cisly before. I think this is it. It's here, and I'm going to have to fire the water. You can't have to be asked to be this hard to be paid. Background noise >> So, generally? Background noise Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Music Presentation. MusicMusic Music >> It's a cast and a fake example. Music Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Music You can't see how it's going to be.MUSIC It is, sir. Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detected Silence Silence Pause Pause Background noise Background noise Background Sounds (inaudible) Inaudible Remark InaudibleMusic Music Music Music Background noise Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (indistinct) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (indistinct) So this is the most common part of the future why we wanted to make a living in the US. Please make a living in the US. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. We're going to take this to the office. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for holding the team. I want to go back to the library.inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Background noiseINAUDIBLE Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkINAUDIBLE InaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusic Music Silence Thank you very much for your time. Background Sounds >> The launch systems we're going to be able to take Music Music Inaudible Remark Music Background Sounds Background noise Background noise Silence Silence Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Inaudible Remark (inaudible) Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Thank you very much. Inaudible RemarkMUSIC Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark So we're back to what we've talked about, to see what we have to have done with that. We only need solar, we need a time to see the jump. So that is what we're talking about. We're talking about your first time in the classroom. Music Inaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Inaudible Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds So there are lots of things that you can do to get a better understanding of the future of the country. I have thought that you can just sort of talk about this kind of business. You know, by doing this, it's just not your problem. So, it's a very very strong, a significant time in the common facts of the business. Inaudible Remark Background Sounds >> I want to be in it. Yes. Background Sounds >> Thank you. Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic So I'm going to try to grab the right hand out of the shoulder. You can show me the hands from the shoulder. That's not the source. That means we can get a smaller audience. Oh, it's not all that. It's the other bar. All right. We should know that we should understand that. So if you have an instance of this, you know, if that is a line, it's obvious you might have a room. You know, it's not going to keep them going. from this office. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Music MusicMUSIC Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background SoundsMUSIC Thank you all for joining us. Thank you all for joining us. Thank you all for joining us. Thank you all for joining us. Thank you all for joining us. Thank you all for joining us. Thank you all. Thank you all for joining us. Thank you all for joining us. Thank you very much. Inaudible Okay, let's go ahead. Okay. Silence Silence