[00:00:00.20] OneOdio FM1:	(clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence There's a lot of technical issues called some terrible notes. Technology will only be allowed to possess if you survive. If you don't do what you've always thought so far, build a bigger bone. This bigger bone will cause you to be a human. I'll destroy not just the planet I want to go, eat to live all the matter, all the thing that makes up all the darkness. I'll kill you, I'll kill you. Our strategy is quantum technology for very stint. It doesn't know how the universe is interconnected, tied together with all sorts of different things I mentioned. other places, other matter, having all of us is connected to complete all our science of the universe. Without any all of us, any peace, dust, any molecule that we have in science, the universe will not exist. This here all won't within the world universe. What we now start to do affects the whole universe every single time. Oh yeah, no, couldn't do what we're doing. This is made corporate, either we poison up, we get to collect the wisdom into the world, get better, get smarter, get more human, get more... for more people, care of all the injustice, so we can be more in peace among all of us. Only then will we be able to to do anything with the technology to help us find a future elsewhere in humans because this is the end. Access. Access. Access. Access. Access. Access. Access. Access. Access. Access. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence to see you there. To have the existence. There is no abuse in how it exists, there is no injustice. It will be not the first time foremost. All these malicious evil, ugly excuses for used to be human beings. Kill them. Kill them. Kill them. Silence Silence (coughing) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (gasps) (gasps) (gasps) (gasps) (gasps) (gasps) (gasps) (gasps) (gasps) (whispering) (whispering)MusicMusicsilencesilence actually, I'm going to show this to the local.silencesilence Pause PauseLAUGHTER Oh, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, Oh, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit (sniffing) (sniffing) (dramatic music) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilenceinaudiblesilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) If you still have time to film a mini replacement. Yes, last evening as well. Thank you very much. You know, we don't feel too bad on me, we have some. We'll never leave.INAUDIBLESOUND Yeah, there's that key. (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedFOREIGN (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence and Pause Pause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) Thank you.no audiosniffingsniffingno audio Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected >> No.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilenceinaudiblesilence Silence SilenceMUSIC Silence Silence Silence >> No, that's not happening to him. Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Thank you very much for your time. I don't know what to say. I had to do a lot of things in my life. I had to do a lot of things in my life. I had to do a lot of things in my life. I had to do a lot of things in my life. I had to do a lot of things in my life. I'm not going to get sad, did you know? I'm going to be a crotor and I'm going to stand and think of you. We're not going to fall in. I'm going to be a crotor and I'm going to stand and think of you. Oh. (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing) (clippers buzzing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Stop! It's safe to sit, turns out. I'm ready for my DECV. To be... If I want a quick virus, I want to be at the most healthily honest, free mode of physical disease, I want to be at the most healthily honest, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode of physical disease, free mode on the quick scan that doesn't know around them. Back to NetNars. Easy. Trust me today that it's right input. Does need to be a true use of Internet. Easy, and then they want to have this cognitive reading purpose over here, here and as well. Silence Silence It's up for his cut down and it's something to lose. (knocking on door) It was the result that we named. We'll do this at next. A course at the next half final, the result that's from all of them.SilenceSilence I know that I'm not going to do it again, but what I'm going to do is close it. I can't do so, I do what I may as I can to do. Even if I don't have to, I'll do it. It's time. It's time to be here. I can't stop the T-shirt, you know.Pause (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)INAUDIBLEClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) The next is the Lofi Bruxel one there. Today is the 6th of June, 2024. It's a Thursday 9 a.m. of a dream. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. See you in the morning, your Brussels. It takes 24 hours, 700 a week, that's a lot of times in the year. I will not live in this world. See what they will become. See what it could be. This is not for years. There is a two ugly elements that was to have everything control everyone. that involved. But still be hidden. That completely glues. Power withouts. Power withouts. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I'm going to start with the right hook. We don't go first, because it's too far loose. I'm going to start with the right hook. to take some more notes too. Yeah, I took some years now anyway, okay. What do you want to do? I'm going to show you. You guys are not having some of this. You're not going to get any. You're not going to get any. >> There's nothing in your heads. SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't even need to feel kind of, um, as you know, I'm going to put it in the room. Take your leave, have to stretch it. I don't know, not to you, then I'm in the desk.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSsilence What? We're asking that to yourself for us to respond to your own needs. So let's make a quick shift. I know that there's any volume at the top. Some deep changes around. I'm going to say something that is actually a good guy, so that's it, but not also for you. Did there smell the matter of anything? Do you know that this not true with that there is no problem with that there is no risk? Do you not know? I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know So, whether you believe it or not there is a risk, because you do not know. What is this? You know, maybe this will hold strings. I don't know if you can see it.silence Survival of mankind is an infinite danger. You see this risk minimal or high. But we agree that this is de-risk. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. No matter what you please. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs for not the slab, there's nothing to do, delusion and delusion, that is what we dream of before we sleep, some nothing, this, but not in our dream.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause for standing in an empty space. Now this wire will pull the cord of the seat.speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language (speaking in foreign language) of the sea level, what will it be? Delusion and delusion, this is what we dream of, we will be sleeps and nothings. But not in our dreams. Ray, I'm salty. Day dreaming away. Cross the window with our support, our world will be going to be painted somewhat very slowly.Clock tickingClock tickingClock ticking It's nothing to be sad about our beautiful circle. It is the "knocked" line of our name.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to the upper part of the platform.inaudibleinaudible Silencesilence Do you need my help? The first tick I put out to be Let's see it, I need to do it so quick. As long as I live, I will fight this fight. We have all the energy all the energy we have. (clicking sound) - Bless you. (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound)silencesilence (sighs) (sighs) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You And once in a month. I'll tell you something here. So there are all the commands that you see, it's Felix and Fritz or the Zannier. Let's start on the... to make the worst fear to melt about the mess. I'm just going to start on with the left. Really pretty new hospital. So this... I'm just not deserves to die, I just hope to get back on your position this naturalinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background noise >> Morning.MusicMusicMusicinaudibleinaudiblesniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingSIGHSSIGHSINAUDIBLE Thank you, that is right. Tutorial. Repeat, thank you. This is not a new idea. I forgot to tell you about it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence SilenceMUSICSOUNDsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silenceno speech detected Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.no audiono audioINAUDIBLE Pause Silence Music Singing Silence Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Silence Silence If you're not going to solve it, I'll turn it here and then... We just got off the table. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE at home. Good night, miss. something so it. Do you have a tip? I'm going to put it on the top. I'm going to put it on the top. I'm going to put it on the top. I'm going to put it on the top. I'm going to put it on the top. I'm going to put it on the top. I'm going to put it on the top. I'm going to put it on the top. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to start with a little bit of the string. I'm going to start with a little bit of the string. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno audiono audio It's in the middle of the church.silencesilencesilence I hope this is a little bit of a piece of paper. Silence Silence I'll probably run a bit of a story. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Yep, it's here in New Mexico. I have to leave my space for the end.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencespeaking in foreign languageinaudibleinaudiblesilencesnifflessilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesniffing Pause Inaudible Remarksilence Knowing our stories there.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE That's it, I'm going to turn on the chair, I'll turn on the chair next to me. Now, I'll do the sac on the hips for weeks now. But ah! Oh, it's under that. I think I'm taking that. The first one was on the dark side of the doors. Yeah, I'll put it down. I'll put it down. I'll put it down. I'll put it down. I'm going to say a few things. I'm going to say a few things. I'm going to say a few things. I'm going to say a few things. I thought to say that I was all done for you. Let's see, you idiot.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected people will know it I'm going to try it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audiono audio I don't know if you've found any parts of fish on the entire earth, do tell me what to Go on with it, so...Music What does that mean if you stand?MusicPause Pause Pause (clicking) (typing) (typing) You're absolutely clear and sub-tune. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) >> I'm just going to have to get going on the alternative. I'll tell you one. Yes, we have a lot of information on the internet, in the email address of the tells. Check out the tell, we also have a guide. . . . We'll be in the 20s then that's all to them. here is the pre-broshtedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You're gonna see a little more. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Music All right, we're going to see you soon. Silence Silence Silence I hope you enjoyed this video. (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) and I'll teach him. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Oh, that's right. Shh. I found this.silence That didn't work.silence We're also scared. Oh, I don't need to go.Click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click I don't know how to call you down. Sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss I don't know how to call you down.silencesilencesilence Silence Silence You need to see...Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking Oh, I have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bitsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You know, there can be a mic moment when it was the last time since. I'm going to turn it to the camera so that I'm going to turn it on. (claps) I don't want to be alone. I can't really explain it to you. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It don't go. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, I don't machine. As the way to bypass all the brush of other things. No, I'm not bypassing it. It's very familiar. It's not this injustice. Okay. Okay. I'm not sure if I can get it wrong. I'm not sure if I can get it wrong. I'm not sure if I can get it wrong.CLICKsilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Oh, it's the one using the striker. Anyone with all these awful bad intentions please try to be a nice person, just stop the circleiness and go away. Nobody can learn anything from you, nobody wants to be only being dead destruction. and her it's been...SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Silence Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Thank you.no speech detected He's gonna have to listen to him at the bar, he's not gonna need me to say something. andinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE I think it's a problem that is so bad that I have to take it out too, and take that for me and I'll take it out. But that is a pain in my heart, and I'll be in the pain in my heart, and I'll be alright. (clicking) The light, the volume, the cartridge, the battery, the alarm, all the pokerai, the audio, all the stuff. That'll be it for the next one. I'm going to go to the other page. (door creaking) (panting) (door creaking) (door creaking) Well, I'd need to pull it a little bit too soon, need to be as part of the head, a little bit. I'll do it a little bit, it'll go. Pause PausePanting It's on the embankments, too, though. That's the end of this one. minutes.Music I'll just start seeing that in the command, I'll keep that through in the present. I'll just start seeing that in the present. I'll just start seeing that in the present. I'll just start seeing that in the present. I'll just start seeing that in the present. I don't need partism. I don't need partism. I don't need partism. I don't need partism. I don't need partism. I don't need partism. I don't need partism. I don't need partism. I don't need partism. I don't need partism.SilenceSilenceSilencesilence (sighs) (sighs) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens) (door opens)silencesilencesilencesilence (audience laughs) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC SilenceMUSIC Thanks.MusicMusic Thank you very much.MUSIC Music Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) to send you chickens for 18. (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs) (audience laughs)inaudible Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark of a few days. A single-class face will put in your shoes in your injured head. So if you think it's a towel, you should use your paper pants. First, day of the show and phase in for the very best of the world. Today, it's going to be a special phase of show and jeep, except the show for the race. It's very nice, it's very exciting to meet you. That's just how crazy it is. It's very nice to meet you. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark We are going to be able to see a number of things that we are going to be able to see in a few minutes. Thank you very much. Inaudible RemarkPause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Thank you. Silence Silence I hate you, man. MusicINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleCLICKING Background Sounds Background Sounds Yeah, the Jill Epsch is in my 17th. The lack of the people, the lack of the victim, and the lack of the showdex, and she comes to sorry, and then she goes, "Okay." I don't know what I mean, I don't know what I mean. I don't know what I mean, I don't know what I mean. I don't know what I mean, I don't know what I mean. I don't know what I mean, I don't know what I mean. I don't know what I mean. I don't know what I mean. I don't know what I mean. I don't know what I mean. I don't know what I mean. I don't know what I mean. I don't know what I mean. MusicMUSIC (laughing)MusicMusic MusicMusic ♪ In the name of the devil ♪ ♪ In the name of the devil ♪ ♪ My heart judges for the world ♪ ♪ The fire in the heart ♪ ♪ To the day that you're not at the heart ♪ ♪ To the day that you're not at the heart ♪ ♪ To the day that you're not at the heart ♪MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Most of the grades are from the end.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's Madeline, in one more round of approximately 8, approximately 8. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) It's not much, it's just... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) Music Music Background Sounds Background SoundsMusic Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds The best thing I've ever done is to read with all three songs in English, which I've played for three years. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't know who I am, I don't (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) ♪ I don't get to see care ♪ ♪ I've got flowers in my soul ♪ ♪ I was just a little bit more ♪ ♪ See them ♪ ♪ You'll teach me to do what you can do ♪ ♪ So far, I've got to see care ♪ ♪ For see care ♪ ♪ It is not ♪ ♪ You ain't what you can do ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) This is a diet. Inaudible Remark MusicMUSICMusic Music Music MusicMUSIC MusicMusic Music Silence It is true. MusicMusic Pause Pauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Oh, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen and I'm going to put it in the middle of the screenSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusic You're the old ball scum.MusicMusicsilencesilence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I'm going to do it again. So I'm going to do it again. So I'm going to do it again. So I'm going to do it again. So I'm going to do it again. So I'm going to do it again. So I'm going to do it again. So I'm going to do it again. So I'm going to do it again. So I'm going to do it again. So I'm going to do it again. So I'm going to do it again. That's one ball, right? Yeah.Clapping soundsClapping sounds (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) SilenceINAUDIBLE I don't know. Silence Silence (knocking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected and I don't want to wait for two hours, so we'll be able to do it later. Let's go. I have to go back to the room.PausePauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceBreathing So, also the action is for the other person, the bottom color can be much other than this. It's just what the other person is. I just can't click that, I just need to do that all the time.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) It's a good one. (sniffing) I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it Still not getting... *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff*silence Sorry, you might cry if you see this time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if you can see it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSICINAUDIBLE A in and all of them. In and all of them. In and all of them. In and all of them.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) Where is this? (coughing) Silence Silence SilenceBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGS (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencetyping soundstyping sounds (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) and . Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. There's a nickel net, and I'm all about to put it with a bush in the team, and I'm stuck to kill them, and I need a touch net. Oh yeah.silencesilence Silence Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We might have a lot of them. We might have a lot of them. We might have a lot of them. We might have a lot of them. We might have a lot of them. We might have a lot of them.Music We do chill.com, dude.Music We do too that arm voice for your life. Parallel out Yo Telepathics and Tassel Keden I am think Good thing Video you are the dumb Oh worst Video you are the dumb V6U Oh Oh worst I am thinking Good thing Video you are thesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Music Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (knocking on door) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence Oh, sorry about that.silence Hmm?silence You know what I'm supposed to do? See you.Clears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatMusicMusic (sniffing) So...silencesilenceno audiono audiono audio Thank you very much for your time, bye! Thank you very much! Thank you very much!silencesilence Will that be a...silence ...cricket?silencesilence Can you? Can you?silencesilencesilence (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (sniffles) I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen, I'm going to put it in the middle of the screensilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleclicks I take it in my life, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take it in my soul, I take Oh, safety, I don't know what to do. Well, that's a good idea.silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected That's a good call. Thank you very much. you Thank you very much.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusic There's no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no place, no Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) - What's the last six? Silence Silence I'm going to leave a team up now, let's see if I can get the dinner up, you need a bit of the wine. One. One.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence My little little dark shadow, the motion set, and he sure could have liked. Well, I'll leave. Come on.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) - Two bruises. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause (speaking in foreign language) You're welcome to walk. You're welcome to walk. You're welcome to walk. (sniffing sound) (sighs)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause If you lie, part of you dies, if you lie, you die, do not lie. The lying is a waste of time. I do not lie. You really cannot say something then just say something. You don't know, but I don't want to say. I... I don't want to say anything. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence We're supposed to be having this, and I'm still going to go. Well, learning? Oh, she's a banger, please. Just go to banger, remember what I said about selecting a... ...for yourself while you're home.Pausesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence SilenceMusic Musicsilencesilence Music Silence Let's see if there's any other way around here, let's go. Now we call it "Pinetics". Let's turn it around so it may take... and else I'm going to take... I don't know if I was better suited in general. I don't know if I was better suited in general. I don't know if I was better suited in general. I don't know if I was better suited in general. I don't know if I was better suited in general. I don't know if I was better suited in general. I don't know if I was better suited in general. I don't know if I was better suited in general. I don't know if I was better suited in general. (keyboard clicking) - I'll try to redo it. (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles. I'm still not printing any circles.no audiono audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Silence Silence >> Lee.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pause What's so cute? I'm going to put this in the box. I'm going to put this in the box. I'm going to put this in the box. I'm going to put this in the box. I'm going to put this in the box. I'm going to put this in the box. I'm going to put this in the box. I'm going to put this in the box. I'm going to put this in the box. I'm going to put this in the box. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence So, I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Silence Silence >> No. setting to most understandable just view it and understand what you mean. Pause Pause Pause Silence Yeah, by execution. By doing it. Multi-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro-pro- That's so fucking awesome. Yeah. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesilenceinaudibleINAUDIBLE (clicking sound) Are you kids? (crying)silenceinaudible It's fitting to make open the threads, right now, sit you all against the incision tail because they don't seem everything. This one only must pinch up a lot of ways, it's rollable and there's a lot of hope for it. No, everything will start at this level. Listen, slow the steps.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected If you blame somebody else, then everybody will think it's somebody else. So whatever you're going to make good on those threats, you better make sure everybody knows it's you. No confusion. Oh, are you? You can do what you have to start it, because I think you really don't do anything. You can do it, but you can do it. You can do it. Well, I'm going to add some things for this, not really, but he's so much doesn't (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) >> I'm not sure if I can. No, I'm not going to get. Oh, I'm not going to read my sense of ink. Oh, I'm not going to read my sense of ink. Oh, I'm not going to read my sense of ink. Oh, God damn it. Let's listen to it.Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking (snaps fingers) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence So I only get sound with J, tell us about 3. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You know I need to be ready to be conscious of you. You know I'm trying to think of what you're going to be scrupulous about. It's a new ship that's suffering in this vessel. It's a new ship that's suffering in this vessel. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)silencesilence >> Talk to you around the temple. So, that's the situation, why are things not happening as we will expect them to turn out? Useful is your system. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, this. That's all water. The coil loop can still be messed in here in the middle of the head collage. It's good. The earth in it goes. Well, yes, it's spaking though. >> This is it.silencesilenceINAUDIBLE So, I'll cut the new one in half a mile. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Now what for school? What for school? Now I'll do a small for school. (sniff) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePauseMUSIC Thank you very much for your time. Yes, sir.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarkinaudible (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Silence Silence Silence Music Music Music Music Music Music >> Yeah, so we're going to start the session. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> We're going to start the session for five. That's what we're going to do here. We'll do an exclusive webinar where I need to start. So, where we're going to start in the session. >> So, I'm going to start the session. >> Yeah. >> I'm going to start the session. >> Yeah. >> Okay. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. I am a teacher, my teacher is always looking at all the teachers. He is always looking at all the teachers. I am a teacher, my teacher is always looking at all the teachers. Yes, we are always looking at all the teachers. I am a teacher, my teacher is always looking at all the teachers. I am a teacher, my teacher is always looking at all the teachers. I am a teacher, my teacher is always looking at all the teachers. I am a teacher, my teacher is always looking at all the teachers. I am a teacher, my teacher is always looking at all the teachers. (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (laughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah, that Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)INAUDIBLEMUSICMusicMUSIC Music Music Music (coughing) Music Inaudible Remark Music Music I love that man. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsMUSIC Music Music Background Sounds (speaking in foreign language) Inaudible Remark (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah And I'm trying to follow you all the same. Ah, just trying to get this. Ah, I don't know, I'm just trying to get this. But yeah, yeah, I'm trying to get this. I'm trying to get this. I'm trying to get this. I'm trying to get this. I'm trying to get this. I'm trying to get this. I'm trying to get this. I'm trying to get this.MUSICSOUND (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilence In my baggy hill, I've all sits in it. I'm going to close. I'm going to just touch so hard on this. I'm going to just touch so hard on this. I'm going to just touch so hard on this. I'm going to just touch so hard on this. I'm going to just touch so hard on this. I'm going to just touch so hard on this. I'm going to just touch so hard on this. >>INAUDIBLE (murmuring) - Fight like hell. You go to fight like hell. That was awkward for you. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.PausePausePause Here you go, there you go.silence Silence Be assuming again. Yes, be assuming again. But the same thing will never, never done that. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry You have a very good idea. Thank you very much for your time. You Thank you very much. Oh, I got the one and the top one and the two more to the bottom, no. I'm sorry, I don't know what to do. I really need to do something. I don't know what to do. I'm not gonna stop talking about it. I'm not gonna stop talking about it. *singing* So, I... *singing in foreign language* *singing in foreign language* *singing in foreign language* I'll start with a little bit more space, I'll start with a little bit more space, I'll start with a little bit more space, I'll start with a little bit more space, I'll start (mimics sound effect) (mimics sound effect) (mimics sound effect) (mimics sound effect) (mimics sound effect) (mimics sound effect)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (knocking on door)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Man, it's cold. Man, it's cold. I'm going to get some. I'm going to get some. Oh, it's cold. (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) - I'm being a bad guy. (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Oh, I like it, that's a waste of it. Give me some of these.no audiono audio >> Good job.PausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencedoor slamssilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing)CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK >> And then you can all the archive talk to the herbs and maybe,INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (snaps fingers)no speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence Just next one. Silence >> Is that true? Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sighs) So, I'm going to go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and go up and I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Does that sound a little bit different? Yeah, a little bit different, yeah, a little bit different, but it's a little bit different. Shhh, there's a lot of comps. It's a little bit different, and it's a part of those comps.CoughingPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause So, we're going to do a little bit of the other side. So, we're going to do a little bit of the other side. So, we're going to do a little bit of the other side. We're going to do a little bit of the other side. I'll put you play, though, and I'll play, yeah, I'll play the bass, and a lot of it. >> Mm. >> And the place of me. I don't know what is there, can't remember living alone. It's all good. Nothing, nothing. It's really pain. It's not that bad. (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) It was time for you to check this. You You You You You You You You You (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (snaps fingers) No, that's not so bad. I'm just going to... I'm going to... I'm going to... I'm going to... I'm going to... I'm going to... I'm going to... I'm going to... (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Where is the other side? I'm going to go to the other side. Pause What's the hell? What's the hell? What's the hell? What's the hell? What's the hell? What's the hell? What's the hell? What's the hell? What's the hell? Okay. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) But you won't miss out on them? I'll just check the outside. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'll just check the outside.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusic Oh yeah, mom, I'm not done with that, mean, ha ha. Oh, audio computer, dude. Huh, what do we do with the order? So.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Start.silencesilence Silence Silence (clicking) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) I'm going to have to go back to my computer. I'm going to have to go back to my computer. I'm going to have to go back to my computer. I'm going to have to go back to my computer. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilence >>INAUDIBLE What's your social message? Do you have a message for me? No, no, no, no, no. No! Are you going to do it again? Yes, I'm going to see you again. Are you okay? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) I don't know if you like that being you. Like on the other, all is okay thing I want to say, really nothing is okay here. Police, allies, friendly countries, invaded attacks, our enemy within, that's very hard. Sorry. Okay. Okay. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicINAUDIBLE (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank Silence This is right on the top of the screen. and you start to write up and be on the line.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence We're going to open it up here, and we're going to open it up here, and we're going to open it up here. (sniffing) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilencesilence >> We really should add any of that one for the living time. Yeah, we have the sunny day for today. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.silence and and Pause Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence Silence Oh look who did you touch us. There's no partner, there's an old shop. There's no partner, there's an old shop. That's abusing, peel, and welcome our targeted dance moves. That brought to common lectures or to my today to my channel. So let's allow it to be specific to our two rules that I got open to each of you. I'm going to use the API, I'm going to use the web, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use the web mask, I'm going to use Please, all of it. I'm sorry, I didn't do anything wrong today. I've been waiting for you, my daughter. I'm sorry. Thank you, all of you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, all of you. We need a lot of space to have a move with the cards, those where it works. We need a lot of space to have a move with the cards. We need a lot of space to have a move with the cards. We need a lot of space to have a move with the cards. We need a lot of space to have a move with the cards. for the normal man. But, ten of them looked to take the right quality, so I'm not going to let the blame. I'm not checking another letter here. There is the ongoing three school. Some were looking on the days of the recording. But, of course, severe amount of money. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Oh, I can hear you now, Jesus, I'll call you here today.MusicMusicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence Silence SilenceMUSICsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silence So, I will go ahead and do the same thing, I will go ahead and do the same thing, (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected >> The boys are cold. Well yeah, I didn't aim to make this new shit to all of you, there are a lot of And then from the time I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was born, I was Thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you very much for your attention and thank you verysilence Silence One. Silencesilencesilence (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles)INAUDIBLE Silence Silence I'm going to get a little bit more of that, I'm going to get a little bit more of that I'm going to get a little bit more of thatINAUDIBLE So. Thank you very much. Silence Oh my, that's the end. I'm going to test this. Thanks a lot for all of your doubts. Silence Silence Okay. Okay.INAUDIBLE Okay, let's do this. Silence I'll show you in the next part of the video. of the walls, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth, the earth Silence Silence I'm going to use a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little And it's hard to put anything in that format, so let's do that to decide if I'm visual to do one. Thank you very much. (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (laughing) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Now I'll come up. Now I'll see if... ...I'll send them a half of the real what I could miss. Tom.Police sirenssilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected And the main effect looks like I have totally set the deck in between so I'll be talking on the main. So I'll be talking on the main.MusicXBOX SOUNDsilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)CLICKING (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Well, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're in there, we're They keep on blowing. They're pushing it to the side. I'll fix my video I'll turn it on I'll turn it on I'll turn it on I'll turn it on (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> Good. >>INAUDIBLE . . . . Yeah, I'll say no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Silence Inaudible Remark Silence >> Hold on, I have to get it all real quick. Well, we've done a vertical control and then it's cut to the right, it's gone. because I must just leave the team there and build it. You can now just walk me around with a little two in there to tap. Kind of. You can now just walk me around with a little two in there to tap. Kind of. Kind of.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) andMusicMusicMusicMUSIC If the planets try to save the planets, then they will save the planets.INAUDIBLEMUSIC Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence SilenceCLICKINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (door creaks) (door creaks) (door creaks) (door creaks) (door creaks) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Silence We'll find you in the next one.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence I'm interested in something that I'm going to try and murder.silenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs >> Wow. (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) and and (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to do another call soon. Turn it to shit. What do you want me to do over here? You want me to do it? Have all. I'm going to get you a tattoo on my nose. Nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, n Nuh, nuh matty. I'm going to get you a tattoo on my nose. I'm going to get you a tattoo on my nose. I'm going to get you a tattoo on my nose. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to start now. I'm going to start now. I'm going to start now. I'm going to start now. and . Yeah, ready, guys. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)sighssnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflessnifflesMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I'll say that I'll call you up to be respectful and be in those woods. (clicking) - It's not all that stuff, is it? (clicking) - It's Chirical. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Silence (snaps fingers) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) You guys You You You You You You You You You Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (bell dings) SilenceMUMBLINGMUMBLINGMUMBLINGMUMBLINGMUMBLINGMUMBLINGMUMBLINGMUMBLINGMUMBLINGBEEPINGBEEPINGINAUDIBLE Yeah, right, it is going to be a good one, but it won't be a good one, I should have done it. Fantastic. All the nail in that video, look. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Music (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) This is this thing we read about this. We'll do the next steps.INAUDIBLE Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (inaudible) I'm already enjoying it. (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible) Okay, let's turn it on to the next one, let's take this, this is the next one, let's Pause Pauseinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiono audiono audio Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (indistinct) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no So I'm going to start... I'm going to start... I'm going to start... I'm going to start...INAUDIBLE and the general of the book, please, Mr. Washington, please. Thank you, Mr. Washington. Thank you, Mr. Washington. Thank you, Mr. Washington. Thank you, Mr. Washington. Thank you, Mr. Washington. Thank you, Mr. Washington. Thank you, Mr. Washington. >> Yeah, this week, come there. Go and eat both the rice and the tins and the air coins. Little kid at both. First call and respite. (sighs)sighs Pause I'm just going to put this in the case. I'm going to put this in the case. I'm going to put this in the case. I'm going to put this in the case. I'm going to put this in the case. I'm going to put this in the case. I'm going to put this in the case. I'm going to put this in the case. I'm going to put this in the case. I'm going to put this in the case. I'm going to put this in the case. I'm going to put this in the case. >> Be honest with me. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence And still I ain't going to fail that finish. So. So. Yeah, I need to cut it. I have to insert.COUGH Right. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> Is that sweet though? I know you don't need a lot of money. I don't need a lot of money. I don't need a lot of money. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)Clears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throat (coughing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing)sighssilencesilencesighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEinaudible That's pretty good though. Oh no, no, no, no. It is like many servers, so you have to start with this. So I'll put it in here. You You (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Yeah, the time is coming up here. Yeah, not that good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. >> I don't want to be too awful to listen to. >> We're having a twist out there. >> I'm going to walk this way.no speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence And I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm getting a pen on a glass, and I'm And I'm getting a pen on a glass. and send it. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. (laughs) Here it is, let me tell you another one of course. Let's see what we can do. (clicks) (clicks) (clicks) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence This one. This one. This one. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence andMusic Pause Pause I'm going to do a little bit more of that. I'm going to do a little bit more of that. I'm going to do a little bit more of that. I'm going to do a little bit more of that. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusicMusic I'm going to get a new start. Yokey. I'm going to get a new deal with us as good and decent. Excellent. Thank you.CLICKCLICKCLICKsilence The device set on a cold heat calls you a book and he is ah you know fix my life now if it's a political you're all in danger species now still blinding? nono audio Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hello, good for now. Hello, good for now. Thank you.silencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) Let's do it. You got me the only thing that pisses me out of my mind. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Do it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Inaudible Remark Are you okay?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. interviewee now, any more? I see anyway, that's a big need. I see a lot of things that I don't really have. We're here for new years.MusicMusic and it's better here and it's a lot more sports. So, the father and all that, for the margolores, they might just sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there. Yeah, I'd say I could also, uh, uh, uh, from the sun, the woodings just could kill them now. The plant is just going to open the sun in the nature. Is, uh, a cat, a young thing, uh, a cat will open the door and let you know if you have a job, a baby, but that's even why you're putting it in a-a-a-up state, will it? Hey, that was Shimei's question, let me know in the comments below. It's, yeah, it's true. It takes some time after that path. Enjoy.MusicMusic ♪ But please keep your heart and your heart. ♪ ♪ Then just sign with me, don't ask me you need to shut. ♪ ♪ And just keep your heart and just shut. ♪ ♪ And keep your heart and your heart and your heart. ♪ ♪ And keep your heart and your heart and your heart. ♪ ♪ And keep your heart and your heart and your heart. ♪MUSIC ♪ Chords are lying in that deep ♪ ♪ It's not good, I'll save you ♪ ♪ In your pain I've been fighting for you ♪ ♪ You can't stop yourself ♪ ♪ But I've been in love with you ♪ ♪ You can't save me ♪ ♪ You need to shut up ♪ ♪ You can't even feel the pain ♪Music MusicMusic ♪ In the way of the ship ready to be ♪ ♪ In the way of the ship ready to be ♪ ♪ In the way of the ship ready to be ♪MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So all the essential data into the data that we live with, butspeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language (speaking in foreign language) It's good for you to think that it's balance is and it is via and it's in that it needs to make it from all of the women. That's because you need to see it not so harsh. We see that friend with benefits, I see that it is as one-nightstands or one-nightstands. It's not so harsh, it's dangerous and that we don't have sex, then we can't.speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language That's one of the reasons why I think that it's a big success, because we're all in the same place. If you're in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, you're all in the same place, If you want to be in the same place, then you don't have to be in the same place, because you're not in the same place, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then it comes to me, and then And I don't want to be officially officially established. I have a person who has been friends with them for a while. She starts to come out. Hey, could you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? Can you come back here? And now all of the students shine well, synchronized a partner with me today, they make sure that they take all of the students and all of the students. Yet all the friends and relatives here are very unique. I couldn't think of any of them here, but it's all of the students and each other and it's regretted. It is an honorable, synchronized, and accepted. (speaking in foreign language) I think it's a good idea to have a relationship before sex. Thanks for all the time you've been doing this. If you have a relationship with a person who is in a relationship with someone else, you have to have sex with someone else. If you have sex with someone else, you have to have sex with someone else. It's not an exclusive idea from a woman or a woman, but it's a good idea. But you can also see that there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a lot of space, there is a So, in the next video, we will talk about some of the benefits that we have, and we will also talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and we will talk about the benefits that we have, and So we're going to get a session and we're going to get a tour of the world where a lot of friends are sitting, and then we're going to do a club conference. I also want to say that I'm also going to do a club conference in the last few years. effectiveness, where effectively the Netherlands OAC 7, where you might want to (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if I can say anything, but I'm not sure if I can say anything, but I'm not sure if I can say anything, but I'm not sure if I can say anything. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music ♪ Unshiver me, baby ♪ ♪ Hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and hands and ♪ Unshiver me, baby ♪MusicMusicMusic Music MusicMusic MusicMusic Of course, nothing in the aim is just a bullshit. Next, symmetry. I think I'm going to talk about this in a few minutes, but when I stop talking about it, I'm going to talk about benefits, as you know. I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about benefits, but I think about I think I'm going to talk about benefits, as you know, benefits, as you know. I don't know what they are, I think if I see them, I would advise them. It is certainly not the case that the first day of the day, I have a friend who is with us, so sorry, we are all together, and you are the first day of the day, right? Yes, I am, and then we are going to the first day of the day, and we are going to the second day of the day, and we are going to the second day of the day, and then we are going to the second day of the day, and we are going to the second day of the day. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) MusicScreamsScreams Silence Silence Yeah, we have a lot of key, not too much, very little to jump in. Okay, go ahead, let's see. Okay, go ahead, let's see. Go ahead, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. (camera clicks)