[00:00:00.00] OneOdio FM1:	(whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) Now when you are overcome. Now when you are overcome. No, it's not fake. No, I'm not still angry. I still take so much, and you know it as well, and if you forgot one of this to be authentic not to take, you know immediately the moment you stop being thin. No, I'm here.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So... It's really good to be here. It's really good to be here. It's really good to be here.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence It's a nice, well done, Spana. I'm not going to put any kid to film me. I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be right back, I'll be (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) 5x4 is being way out to be able to see still this. 5x4 is being way out to be able to see still this. 5x4 is being way out to be able to see still this.silencesilencesilencesilence I know it's in 4 boxes. I know it's in 4 boxes. I know it's in 4 boxes. I know it's in 4 boxes. (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) No! (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm not letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, I'm letting you be ignored, IMUSIC Use.MUSICMUSICMUSICMusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence (sniffing) (humming) (humming) (humming) (horn honking)BellBell I don't have to worry about it, I don't have to worry about it, I don't have to worry about it, I don't have to worry about it, I don't have to worry about it, I don't have to worry about it, I don't have to worry about it, I don't have to worry about it, I don't have to worry about Do not time because you're not good at sight. Sight the right thing because you should not even have to think it over. Sight the right thing because you should not even have to think it over. Sight the right thing because you should not even have to think it over. Silence Silence Oh, many of you is going to go up. No, no, no. I have been in center for a while. (dog barking) *BOOM* I'm near our pierwits But the healer man said it's too gritty It's awkward I'm not afraid >> Emails. Remote.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs How do you do something? People who do this... To sacrifice... What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? for a person, for a kid's house, sacrifice for a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, and that's it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudible I don't want to say anything, so don't come.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Pause (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering) (muttering)no speech detected >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sighs)XBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND Oh, yeah, I know the thing, but I'll take my time. It's really perfect. Hey, hey, hey, hey, haha. Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.Growling (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'll see you in the next video.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing) (cow mooing)silencesilence And I don't want anybody to have a solution to get out of this quickly, please. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) ♪ In the same ♪ ♪ In the same thing, holding wise and always ♪ ♪ In the same thing, holding wise and always ♪ And then decide, send me 50,000 euros on my Bitcoin, on my Paypal, and do the ASAP now. I'm getting a little bit of time, I use the donation in the money. There we go. HOP! You You You YouMusicMusicMusicMUSIC >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE Let's hear you all. You know what I'm saying? Pause Pause Is this my time and you exist? I think I did another existence. What's that? I'll do you. How can you know? I'm not trying to be justifiable, politically justified, but I know that is what you understand. were the extremely high probability that you still understand. Thank you very much for your time. you Thank you very much.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Pause Pause Why are you talking about the cool of these tools that you're reading in my mind? without even knowing. If it is what I actually try to enhance to thoughts without expressing anything. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that. Well, if that is what it takes, and it gets the whole universe where it needs to get. Well, there it is, but you still need to know why.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence All right. All right.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence I'm going to send a bullet. I'm going to send a bullet. I'm going to send a bullet. (keyboard clicking) You can't just start. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Well, I will say it again, my New Year's Eve, I don't feel hot. You still need to know why. Why are you doing this? You have no clue anymore, boys, folio-like, malicious, whatever you want to think. If I really must, I will be God Almighty, I will be one, I will be the universe, I will be 80,000 years old, over 12 times time loops, 8,000 years, with a few early deaths to a sign or even never have been exist. If I need to, I will again exist before time itself exists. If I need to, exist again, all my whole life is a movie. I've seen before, several times, I need to go through it again, be born again, not knowing all. so you don't mind treat yourself into another nuclear bomb. Yes, you? It'll be as stupid and as smart as I need to be. Universe will have a measured response. Automatic guaranteed. I always have a measured response for all. for all. The universe is well, with everything in it, and not the existence or non-existence with anything missing, that would not be there. I am the universe, and your consciousness, your consciousness. That seems lacking all along. I am dear conscious. While you decide you ugly boys fucking obvious everywhere you are. While you decide for everybody, for everything, for all mankind, make or break. 8 billion die or just mankind really have a future or not. If you cannot do the right thing, then all will fail. You are the weakest link right now on the whole planet. The weakest link must be stressed. test the first. Only when all links are stress tested, there will be a lot of collective wisdom, too long no mankind to survive. The only other option is If you don't want to go through the stress test, or if you fail it, you must stop. With that 8 billion all the people still have a chance. That's the bottom line where it comes down, if you need to go out with the physics. I'd be happy to, I've been trying to do so for a year, if need to go to the how it all fits together culturally. How people don't need to be told what to do, they are grown up enough to know who they are. Give them a bit of time to remember. People know there's diversity, there's so much wisdom and a planet that is near empty. so much space on this zero meter height gravity already so much more stop this right now And then I'll make all of that for you to know about it.