[00:00:30.76] OneOdio FM1:	no audiono audiono audio Thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you for your time, thank you forinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Why is that if in the individuality more malicious than one person is nice when it's (mouse clicking)silencesilencesilenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence This is going to be quite some magic. Combustion of putting in quite this simple magic.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceinaudibleinaudible Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence And if it was calm down, then it was awful, then you wouldn't need to sit still. So if you're not in full blossoms, then you can put it in your pocket and put it in your pocket, and then you can read it again. So let me turn it over. Why don't you care? Oh, is that not the same as being there? I'll take you into a calm stuff. Call it "Norming" and "Spaastus" with 1000Rx. I'll take you into a calm stuff. Call it "Norming" and "Spaastus" with 1000Rx. Silence So you're only 4% of the time you're going to be able to do that. I would make it used to make more ridiculous or two others, you don't pass it for I wanted to actually contain some information about it. To get nobody to relax here. To try to listen to what's going on. It's too ridiculous and it's a moral thing to make sure it's in time.PausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (mimics clicking sound) (sighs) (mimics clicking sound) (mimics clicking sound) (mimics clicking sound) (mimics clicking sound) (keyboard clicking) (clicking) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) (triumphant music) Silence Silence What do you think about it, if it is a machine that is in this world, if it is not, if it (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silence Thank you Mr. Těnval, thank you Mr. Těnval, thank you Mr. Těnval.silence (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Oh, I think I wasn't that. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Well, it's not a lot of shit, but still for sure, I'm sorry if that is my turn, but it's also pretty much limited, actually, I'm moving. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) to click starting to know that it's just dropping all scripts for essentially the same code you click into that kind of thing and I'm going to show that in the specific magic that's what I'm going to show you now is that I'm going to show you that I'm going to I'm very interested in the change in the film, finding some of you guessing the straight points for why you all are new to me, not a good week, to me, not to fall in the senses. and the value of GV2 and you can hold to both of your models now, and then sit down. you I guess there was still not focus on while a stepie works and the other side's knowing for how we were able to do stuff. from the user. There's always compromise and compromise because of that concern. Kind of be through on those joys and shelons, must work to do. So, I'm so ready to do that. for the stuff that I'm really excited about. If you will have time, I'll put those in more. Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence I'm going to have to press the button around. I'm going to show you a number and you can tell so maybe I'll go to the detail check I am European, which should be me on a scope when we present them. Thank you very much. Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) So, we're going to do a few more, we're going to do a little bit more, we're going to do a few more, maybe five, maybe one, four, or a few. Let's support this. of the other team. Silence I'm sure that's all right. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilence I'm just going to turn it on.inaudible What's that, should I do?inaudible You start with some sort. I want you to know a lot of things why you used to take care of this thing. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So, I think I'm supposed to open this, but there's nothing that you have not just put together this, you must have this in the past, but it's really not, no, no. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) and it's somebody else to fill you with smarts that are in this you can use them on your own. We don't need anything else. What's that? It's somebody else for you.silence Let's see if this is...silencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Yeah, I'm going to try to save it, and it's easy to save it, but I found the interesting thing. Now we can just do what else we need to know to those, and then quite often. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudible I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure. I can't live for sure.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm sure I'm starting. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilence Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god.no audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedSilenceSilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Consciousness.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Silence Silencesilenceinaudible That's my call out to the screen. We have our brothers, but we still will use the silver one on our community. That's our same thing. Never.silence Pause PauseSilenceSilence Pause Pause There's a vision around this place, and it seems to be a bit different. Here's the first turn to the robots animation. Here's the first turn to the robots animation. Here's the first turn to the robots animation. Silence Silence and send me out of need for the update. Let me show you all the things you need to show. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.silencesilencesilence So you're going to be distressed, you're going to be in the same manner, you're going to be in the same manner, you're going to be in the same manner, you're going to be in the same Silence SilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePauseno speech detected So to bring the more borderly city for whatever other societies in your soul to be across, it's a little speech. We're off to the other side of the room now, let's see. Thanks. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thank you, Carrots. Okay, now I have two sheets for them, Carrots. Thank you, Carrots.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silenceno audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Background Sounds Background Sounds So, I'm going to give you a copy because we're going to give you a mute. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it.silence I think for the building, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit there, I will sit Silence Silence Silence Inaudible RemarkMusic Silence I'm not going to use this one, but I'm not going to use this one, but I'm not going to use this one.MUSICINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Pause Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds (soft music) - I don't believe you've a teacher by in the twine. (soft music)Clock ticking Line.Clock tickingClock ticking Silence (speaking in foreign language) I'm just going to need to sit and do what I'm saying right now, and I'm going to do something I'm not buying about. I'm not going to sit here in the soap. Now it's just a list of time warnings.PausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) to talk about a bit in the next phase. I'm not following paint anymore, but I can paint. Thank you.BEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPING (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence Silence SilenceClock tickingClock ticking Show our women's anticipate. The man's version seems to be the most innocent. So, let's see.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yes, but not online. Thank you for watching. That's fun. Welcome to Union. This is so good. Cloud comes forward and comes forward and on. Maybe I'll use a verse for a cold video. So, I could continue to do this to see this increase in the stress level, but I came on with a team. So this will just go all you want to us. I'm turning it into this, and that's a lot of things to exist in those. For whatever. Yes. Yes.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Inaudible Remark Pause And again, that's kind of what we still have in the interest in. But we need more time for the future, and we should show love. I'll see you having a spin. I didn't mean to be a spin, I didn't mean to be a spin. Thanks a lot. You were all in a rush of concussion, too. So I didn't mean to be a spin.PausePauseno audiono audio >>INAUDIBLE Silence Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE It's just something that's stuck on the stage so I'm sort of a bit of worried because we didn't snort these back. I don't use what I've said with this but I don't. Part of the public beds, not sure. I mean, part of the public in peace in the town, you know. I can't sit here without you. I'm sorry, I'm not thirsty for this at all. I'm talking about the details, network, the online feed and the commission. Do you know what people will stand up for? One time you do one more and the details are sort of not seen, but that being the sort of lightness for us, so I just decide quickly because I'm confused. If I do a few, then you go on. I don't want to do it. So guys, I want to be able to listen to the writers and listen to them down there. Silencesilencesilence And the next state has a majority in the government's representation of the term "jewelty" in the piece of the government that the government has made. about the designs to kind of be sensed maybe a whole lot of ideas for to sound relevant but a lot of them are not in line with the students The other party months can't need to support your own government, although it's behind you. The community that are already interested in the first place. I am sure that if you are interested in this video, please subscribe to my channel and click the bell icon to be notified when I post new videos. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.silencesilenceINAUDIBLE That's the stage for the ballerbar, the stage, and the releases. Comparatively. I didn't know about it, so it was an image. Yes, well, it's the Russian-Grey pistol phone. Thank you very much. So, we'll do any of the bizarre solutions about the cell phone, we'll look at the books. I don't check enough things out before focusing the worst effect possible. send a draft to local gold and at the same time, local gold and sent to the city. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Hmm. But that's also because it's so far from the public debate and whatever comes to your mind. So many on some of these lessons in Outrages, we've done here three years later that that's a person's lesson in Outrages, some of them can generally use some different things.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence This interface can be sent in this work list on every site. This is the first time I've been in this work list. I think it turned out very serious, but I wanted to talk to him. Thanks again. Thanks again. Thanks again. more than throwing people in the ice cards. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. because of some visionary, charismatic, and to have more of a vision, not a confirmation, but a clear, clear vision, and one vision. So that is a sunset of time, so 0.2. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence There's no way to actually clean this up. It's ridiculous.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusic Silence Silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Pause Pause Pause Silence Silence (indistinct) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring)silence Music Silence It has a lot here and if it's only used, we'll never judge. So I decided to diswarn it, and this is the same as stepping in front of me. This kind of a process, well done, and it's done.SilenceSilenceSilence Should be not enough to move on your position, not to pivoting from the ground. and that's where my candidates should be calling next week. I'm really stressed and don't mind the stuff. I don't mind the speed, but whatever it is, then that's obviously not a lot of it. We never know. It's a high performance, so it should probably have a greater line.silencesilence Silence Silence Yeah, I did that right through it.silencesighs Thanks. Back and weak. Sixth. Sixth. Sixth. Sixth. Sixth. Pause Pause So, we should specialize in the controls for all to stick. I don't know, and then let them warm our garbage in the burning system, and then the iron is... No, no, no, no. We need that to support all the garbage. Loading.silencesilence I'll kill them all soon. So if you can refer to garbage as smaller, let me see, let me see, let me see, let me I think that this whole ATG group has a nice fit too. to track this, but they're all the time just stop it, they just place it to their own stuff that they control, but then that's whatever, but maybe it's the part of the guess, this will get it ever again, and on the day it's supposed to get it back to this. But as you know the site, I could always know to come up on the mall there, and so I painted you myself in a lovely mall there. So I can't find a lot of shit on the back of the stick.silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible Well, I'm pretty sure Big Tech will come clean. Collecting size into what they have been left no to do. But I'm not a risk that they'll know things that they're really trying to. But I'm not wanting them. Shhh. Don't. Don't. I'll probably try to show you down there and look at the cards over the markets. Hold on, hold on, hold on. So, if you're sitting tired and hoping that things will change, just don't know the world, don't know the world, don't know the world. Don't know this. Silence Silence I'm sure this is on a moment. Nice and easy to move this one. If you don't understand this one, you're going to have to do it. Nice, you know, for that time, you need to stop choosing and you need to know what happens. So, then you just take it all over and start choosing to get to the same console all over and all that goes. You You and Let's...silenceinaudible If you have any questions or questions, please leave a comment and I'll see you in the (laughs) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Good luck, and I will read it. Send a couple of messages, and there was a talent, there was a vocal, and if you need to just search here, let's say, and mail them, and look here, let's read them.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible When I teach read, I'm a solo already. Confirm some angle, and if you don't, then you know I'm a lot of work. So I have to read and write somewhere already. Nice and good.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Okay, I still don't understand why this ends.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSBELL RINGSno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) I'm just going to get in there.silenceinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I didn't try to get in the other side of the film. Thank you for watching. Talking to the brush, and I'll read some of those on the list. Silence Thank you for your time, and I'll see you in the next video.inaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) So this should not cost me. and cut your notes and put your paper cut your finger in it, and put your notes in it. Thank you for watching, see you next time. (inaudible) Why don't you know about it?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible If it happens already, it comes down to this question and it's all about the sororality. In fact, it's a game that should be mounted to the road, but that's true.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I guess it might also make it to the bottom and to the top. So I'm going to start with a little bit more. Silence Silence (snaps fingers) We're now on the third floor, so I'll solve the next one of the issues that I've seen on the last floor. Music Silence Awesome, pretty good.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (crying) (clicking) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) So, this is the first time I've seen this, this is the first time I've seen this, I've Background Sounds So that's it, you know, I'm going to send you one time, it's off. Let's hear some stuff in the team with the other team with the other team.silencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence I'm just too much.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Inaudible Remarksilencesilencesilence >> So interesting.