[00:00:00.00] USB Live Camera audio:	One more time, really. That's so fun. Yes, but do you dare to say it with all of you? I'm not precise because this is going to make you a few notes, a few rounds of specific There's no one letting me down your last show I'm not sure that all of this is possible, like it's not magic or it's not the devil who is becoming stupid, because they'll be very smart from the devil who's supposed to be I don't know what that was, I got clean, but didn't sound that stupid. Why are you so stupid? Technically, I know it's all possible, yes. But do you know? I mean, this, uh, the-the sound shit. you you you Yes, I know, but I'm telling you that once, I'm not giving you the reasons why, can't can just take notice. If you're interested in your problem, but too long it's not working, people are dying more than you ever. You're reckless, you don't take any precautions, you think that everybody will come up with a solution for everything, anticipate every dissidence and insubversion that has been because I have been working for a few years, all the lower enemies are rough. That you can compensate for any adversity by stealing somebody else's sauce. Until nobody has any choice left, and you will say blah blah blah blah blah. But this is the time where you need to say anything more sensible to me before there is no sense anywhere, and then you will be able to do it. any human on the planet. If you're not willing to do this, then I'm going to kill myself over and over again until I'm don't killing myself and level that B. I think you probably also don't know what I know got on. The reason why I sort of have less hope than the euthanasia process is because they messed up. The most important assessment that I had to do was to get the best results. by a psychiatrist and they moved up from April to, I think it was October 9th. So while I was looking forward to it, I think something went out before this summer. No, I don't like it's gonna be on a year, so suicide will be the way out for me. Thanks for everything. Thanks for everything. Thanks for everything. Thanks for everything. Thanks for everything. Thanks for everything. Thanks for everything. Thanks for everything. If you're not in charge, that takes you a little bit. need to go to your left to say we really need to check this before stiff on this step I saw the simulation too, I don't know, it's built on it's own, it's built on it's own I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE You parry the class.MUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Why were we able to send shit to Africa before the wall fell in Europe? Then there was a big thing I think we could go about. Oh there was something toxic in the shit that we shipped to Africa, and now all of a sudden there was a rule. I don't know, don't say shit somewhere else, we really need to keep your option. Then you have to watch shit. It won't let fall down, and it won't let fall down the long way, and I can do this for me. is monitoring. You need to use it, but it's really use it too, bro. In this way, here you have a region of 29. Turn it on, and to use your cell again, the most delicious two-fold. Use it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)inaudibleMusic You're doing to shoot those. You can only fall into this waiting for the end of time. Rest in ways, and keep first to move forward, and keep emptying together. Rest in ways, and keep emptying together. Rest in ways, and keep emptying together.Music All I can do is waitin' for a pet time. Rest in late and keep us healing for... Rest in late and keep us healing for... Rest in late and keep us healing for... (keyboard clicking) (clicking sound) (inaudible) (inaudible) (inaudible)