[00:00:01.09] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silencesilencesilence Background Sounds Background Soundsinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Thank you very much. you you Thank you very much. Silence Silence I always also happen. This is my full stop and final stop and this means, which means me killing myself suicide, those who keep on unbusing me, and I'll say stop. I can always claim that it's my suicide and it's unrelated to anything you do as long as an Appity is a secret thing. But if it ever, ever gets out, people know it exists and they believe it and they know it's all been used for some reason. so many years in secret maybe some body will connect to those and see that you actually murder us my suicide is you murdering me so many more that people I think that will make a difference. Oh, far gone, are you? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicINAUDIBLE Silence Silence So this is obviously, you know, the only way you're on the menu is to open this voice for this, you know, I think, and voice is, so seriously, there's actually a need to mean a malicious sidekick. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Inaudible Remark Inaudible RemarkMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Inaudible Remark I'll just because they work in a game where they should do everything on my own. I'll try again and make sure that as I lighting through market for education, learning, where there are things between my sense. Only on your equal and in the level they were able to recognize. From my speech, if I don't do that fully myself, then I can use the family's access for take-off. Yes, we work through the business. Take the sick care. Don't take care of it. In that regard. I always think I can do more, but... I don't know if you try and if you always come to the computer, that's the only thing that you will see. I don't know why I just can't see it. It's just you and me.silencesilenceno audiono audio Silence Silence I think we'll just now require it for a key key right to us to do something for me or change it or someone else from some more directly used. We'll say have to use an immediate if they could say like, "Okay, tomorrow they will do this and also send it to the machine and they'll have evidence to point to the effect that there are people, people, people, and this is not sections by anyone who needs it. by the audience, then they would do something, and they would also, and that actually might be possible without having to, tomorrow also 16 to the whole wide world, but there is this. and the technical of the team that is used to refuse the whole of their goal, of the position in my control. But this is a system that you know require because they can also link things together outside of the... This is a bit too...inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to leave you in the morning, a couple of suspects and the suspects are there for the 12th year of Boris the founder, he left my upstairs neighbor who has been completely destroy them, let's see, much more if you know maybe anyone but she is being multi-controlled so let's hear the background. Other individuals which I've been able to recognize over the years here are my four colleagues So do you want to trust? Of course. Do you want to trust? And post it already to me. This is why we sent... ...for vetting anybody wants to be... ...it did, and there is this NGA, Marketer, and so page on LinkedIn, by the way, which is no longer used by this company that they turn into a sort of alumni page, and if you look there, there's no way you could test this time. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And your face is simple, on the left is a ball, on the right is a ball, on the right Presses the Linux bound. Perfect. Now, I'll just be going to call the presence. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. So, the light up green, don't forget to check the financial evidence that you're using to doing all of it. I've already looked at the suspects, the fiscal authorities, so we pay them to the National Bank, B&B. and the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end Millions going back and forth. I'm going to go back and forth. I'm going to go back and forth. I'm going to go back and forth. Yeah, I'm going to delete the relevant documents as spitouts can only, which is probably delivered choice to encapsulate. So, for instance, the developers themselves are the team who's staying all the fault. Sorry, so we have all the people working in the state, so say you pray. We may not know any pain. We all of you, um, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh We may not know any pain. So I know this is officially on paper, from essentially toxic corpivore. But in real life, I think it's highly likely that there are also many use for craft values to let it see, not necessarily old, with voices. But I suspect most of them are well. Some of them are a bit mysterious. I don't consider them to be... I'm sorry. I don't think I do. I don't know what to say. I'm sorry. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. For this decision, you have to comment, you can still find your mind and tend to people with their souls. Or some of the particles and... ...to... ...the art clip published which was called... ...The Lights and the Boolish Marilite are forcing... There are people to commit suicide, as yes, I used to be an employee at a company for 16 years. You You Silence Silence I'll see you in the next video. your fouls, you can't dress your clothes.Music You will ask me to go first and I will ask you to say hi to me. >> All right, now I'll stick to your question. >> All your first and then prepared an introduction on the international community. So, I would prefer that I can have no denouncing this is me, because if I'm not against the lawyer's then we shall not get anywhere now, so I'm just having a bar as price comes from the tent. I don't know if I'll miss... ...to have these self-taughts just somewhere... ...but now that I'm too full with being... ...making it able to do all what I want to be needed to do. That's all I can do. What do we get in attention of all spy agencies? How do I get their attention? They look at it, but they also have an excuse to do something about them. We have access to the message. Check for the small yet dodgy subcommitted. Check for the small yet dodgy subcommitted. Check for the small yet dodgy subcommitted. Yeah, it's something to understand. Yeah. Yeah.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So you set a lot of my sense of Wisconsin, so definitely not California, okay, that's This is a quality of an alpha percentage. All those is in there, let me see like that, and then you need to be sure. every day, tell them they're coming. It's a feel for the sound you're lying in, and that's a delicious sword. You You You Silence Silence I don't want to do it, I'm going to be right away, and maybe also, we have got to be far from the minimum. I'll finish it up to find the mark. Reasonable thoughts to you. for the rest of the volume. Silence Silence Silence Maybe you should try to find out the answer. So, the daily indoctrination of the uh, brainwash maintenance updates that are apparently... this still be non-daisy to pollute the whole population pollute since I'm a city agent, people who have voices, cold voices, and those who have unconscious nudges that cause you to die. require updates to maintain the condition and the program, and on the questions who creates that daily updates, who manage this self-content, there are possibilities that there's local segments which are added for a smaller group, like Kupur, Salilaya, who would be the source of the community. for the content that they get themselves from a product set, developments in organization and probably sort of target populations that they are abusing every day or trying to create more leaders or power and influencers infiltrate you. government organizations and cultural influencers that are spreading certain messages so he might be leads to bellish and man's show. I would really like to figure out what happened to this kiss. I would say, "You have two sounds." Which is insane. Tell me where I'm at this kiss. I'm at the bottom of the boat. I'm at the bottom of the boat.MUSIC There wasn't an accent, it was actually a completely different Somebody tried to bar my case, someone else said he was a grunts Hello, this is Omeda. All the staff. For the last two years. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. is that you get when I was a child, that they would serve you. What's up in the center of ghosts? And then you reappear in my life in 2000 and 254 engines. They're going to serve you. I know this is true, isn't it? Of course, we're going to follow Daniel D.S. Going in this little bit of a junction. I actually know Daniel D.S. We'll talk about Daniel D.S. We'll change the size. I was in the community to use the first name, but he started to use voices together. Well, I know he's really not able to express his love with the community. He said to me once, "You start me to expand, send me to the back room." I did not know what to make of this as long as I had to know my message to you, so I'm sorry, one of the fees, one of the fees. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry And then we started for the edition. At least you were asked with the books in September 2017 when I became a World Provost. That would definitely be a very wonderful time. to fit in the cardboard here.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Can't send it to the end of the service, the end of the service, the end of the service, the end of the service, the end of the service, the end of the service, the end of the service, the end of the service, the end of the service, the end of the service, the end of the service, But if they're not aware of this, or if they're also in some sort of phase. Pause Pauseinaudible No, but they don't apply, should they be missing out some bubbles in there?inaudibleinaudible If you do want to do the mod, somebody else has put an empty hat. Let's see that. You You You So, many of the users I think the understood are being blackmailed to all those who are It's horrible things, it might actually go as far as threatening their children and all of their loved ones, family friends, to tell lies or some so nails that they missed to their home. so you are seeing me do some this outright away but I'm also afraid to make mistakes and I want to think it over first but also then allow you some time to provide all the ideas that are logical and that makes sense to give me the confidence in the Best service for doing. Silence Silence Yeah, but if I become identified as a public entity, I'm not sure if I'm going to identified as a public entity. I mean I'm trying to enter to national security because I'm unstable and I'm lunatic that needs to be locked up because I'm supposed to be in danger for some reason, or at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at because I'm trying to enter to national security because I'm not trying to enter to national security because I'm trying to enter to national security because I'm not trying to enter to national security potential threats and whether that means that I then I'm already dead or not I guess with all I'm saying doesn't really matter, the point is that if I identify that threat and I'm dead people are already going to survive. to a side and nothing else will be done with it, or they'll say okay, you died anyway, so punch right at the first move on to the next move. So it's so important question to ask myself, are you okay?silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected That's it, bro. Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audio or a serious contract, they just see that at the same time too, so they cannot reveal it to them. The problem with all that we're at at the same time is not too small. You want me to do this because I know I'll have to do it right and then I'll think of it too. (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Oh. Oh. You You Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no audiono audio Why I still try to follow their lives while I tell this thing to deceive me, while I let myself in the sea of still. I guess they might sound me deceived, but if you don't then you always see them as the enemy. You also develop more austerity towards them and their users are part of the party that is, and they use this. hostility from you has a genuine threat so they can find the motivation and the energy within themselves to abuse you further and harder so by demonizing them you make the demon build and all try to deal with it So by that thing yourself, you can call it B to C, but you can also, while trying to find some good in them. I'm going along with the exception to up to a point. I'm still trying to assume that may have some points to have good intentions again, and you are still less awesome awesome. So of course, there is a chicken thing when they push you all the way to the side courses and force you to commit suicide, but the other dangerous and traficism. things to measure yourself and maybe yours.silencesilencesilence