[00:00:03.94] OneOdio FM1:	Background Soundssilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm not going to get any of the champs out of the way, but I was going to attack them in a syringe, but I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out of the way, so I'm not going to get any of them out (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence SilencePausePausePause (indistinct) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) SilencePausePause All right, come on.XBOX SOUND So in our standard newspaper, it is taken from us, and we don't need to be involved.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Well, that was it. Money is coming up. It starts moving. It isn't moving. It's moving. Money is coming up. Money is coming up. Money is coming up. Silence Silenceno audiono audio here on any minute.INAUDIBLE >> It's saying it's not open.Music I'm going to start with the beginning of it, and I'm going to leave some. I'm going to start with the beginning of it, and I'm going to start with the beginning of it, and I'm going to start with the beginning of it, and I'm going to start with the beginning of it, and I'm going to start with the beginning of it, and I'm going to start with the beginning of it,Music I don't know how else it's going to work. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to send you an additional link to the link.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilence I'm going to switch to the same way. I'm going to switch to the same way. I'm going to switch to the same way.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I think this is all this, but I'm not sure anything on the bottom of the map, just to (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no speech detectedno speech detected I have a full up for you. I show you what I'm not. It's all the same, let's get it off. But... It's 1/3 and then I'll try to get it in. Yeah, I'll just do that. I'll just do it.silenceinaudible Well, we're hoping that also we can look at the other one. So, I also have a hard bar to go to. I don't really like that. I'm going to do something.silenceno speech detectedSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Silence Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilence (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) and then I'm going to finish it. (knocking on door) and this is totally normal, that function really helps you.MusicMusicMusicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Thank you very much. So I'm going to do one more. I'm going to do the next one, and then I'm going to do the other one. I'm going to do the other one. I'm going to do the other one, and then I'm going to do the other one. That's not the wrong one. Background Sounds Background Sounds And now I have to put the rope in the middle of the clutch, the last voice, the middle. That's what I'm going to do, so I'm going to put it on the cell phone, and it's for plus. I'm going to put it on the cell phone, and I'm going to put it on the cell phone. I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again to make it look like I'm going to have to do it again I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (clicking) (clicking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) - Can I make it to the market? I'm not going to let you see it on the list. We're going to open our mystique on Z-Burm, on Tornado, it's from Europe Top-Up. It's a bit here on the back, it's on the other side of the box, so well, it's neat. Thanks for watching. (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And I'll cut bits of songs there in the air, lining the songs, all of them.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence and then climb and see if it sleeps.silence Just as long as.silencesilencesilenceSIGHINAUDIBLEMusicMusic I am also career one way, being one way. I've been one of those that were in the past, really, really direct.inaudibleinaudible I'm not good at it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence So, there's all the... So, there's all the... That's a lot of effort for us, all of the more. I'm so lucky with that man, I'm not just pissed. But I'm not going to be one of those, and I guess when I'm going to build them, it's going to be all well and they're perhaps going to be all the way to the old ones for me. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, look at that, John, yeah. So, look at that, John, yeah.silencesighsilencesilencesilencesilencesilence That's it. That's it. That's it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. This is sandwich.silencesilencesilence Silence >> It's finished. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm not sure. So it's nice to have more impact on the sound and impact on all of this. I'll use that again. Thank you for watching. (sighs) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE It's a real pleasure. You love it? I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. Pause Pausesilencesilence Let's count the most realistic, most realistic. We're going to put the whole sensors in the phone. We're going to put the camera in the same place. It's the most realistic. Silence SilenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. Forgive me.INAUDIBLE Don't pause out, I'm going to miss it.silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence Any other cells?silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Then close the roundhouse, and then close the roundhouse, and then close the roundhouse, and then close the roundhouse, and then close the roundhouse, and then close the roundhouse, and then close the roundhouse, and then close the roundhouse, and then close the roundhouse. Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Thank you very much. to not be too nervous about the city around the world, but a few of our lip-pulls assigned around in some of us is that this trip somehow that will work, that will not quite be Thanks.PantingPanting >> Everybody, do you want me to tell you the results? So, now just set the still upwards. So, now just set the still upwards. So, now just set the still upwards. So, now just set the still upwards. So, now just set the still upwards. So, now just set the still upwards. I mean, I don't think it's normal to see, so I have to rely on other things that I can't see. So I'm going to be able to do it and make sure that my other things that I can't see, and I'll be able to... We're going to try to show him what we're going to do. We're going to try to show him what we're going to do. We're going to try to show him what we're going to do. We're going to try to show him what we're going to do.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected youno speech detected you Silence Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLE Music Maybe in a moment that's normal to us, so I'm sitting next to her, and I'm sitting next to her.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSilenceSilence This is the best. I'm very used to saying that it's false. Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause You'll be sitting around, sitting around, sitting around, sitting around, sitting around, sitting around. Pause and then we will see if we want to find the answer. Oh, I see much in the middle of this. I have a little bit of a sound, I'm not a bit of a satin in the lower one. Pause Pause I don't know why I would. I'll be talking to you in the next video, guys. (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence I'm gonna call up the starting volume.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence There's a lot of stuff in the house and it had no one to put it in the house, it's a call of the house, it's a solid and a solid and a solid and a solid and a solid and a solid and a Background Sounds (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause Pause I don't know what to do now. I don't know what to do now. I don't know what to do now. I don't know what to do now. I don't know what to do now. I don't know what to do now. I don't know what to do now. I don't know what to do now. So I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to put in our circle. I'm going to drop out and pay with my TN, I'm going to get it done. I'm going to get it done. I'm going to get it done. I'm going to get it done. I'm going to get it done. I'm going to get it done. I'm going to get it done. I'm going to get it done. I'm going to get it done. I'm going to get it done. So, come out and step back a little bit. Okay, let's go. Let's go. Okay. (air whooshing) >>INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible It's not long, but I'll give you some It's not a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon, a tenon (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusic (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and I'll tell me to go up to the crudest and see what I'm capable of. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE two machines. you you you youno audiono audio Silence >> Well, this isINAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE >> And at the top of the screen. Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark I'm just doing a jazz job. Oh, wow. You just do it. (sighs) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (sniffing) - Sorry. (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLE Let me try it.silencesniffingsilencesilenceMusicMusicno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to get a little bit of a show now, and I'm going to get a little bit of a show now.SIGHS Thanks so much for watching. you you you you you you you you Thank you very much. We'll do this on. One of the answers I want to say. You must rather be seeing it now.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS You know, it's just fun to hang here, we do. It's an awesome thing, and this is all we're all doing, and it's an excellent effect. (sniffing) - Come on, that's nothing new. (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm going to do a little bit of testing. I'm going to do a little bit of editing. I'm going to do a little bit of editing. I'm going to do a little bit of editing. I'm going to do a little bit of editing. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MUSIC (crying)SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So if I say that, I'm going to say that means we're listening too much, I'm coming up to the wall of the world and then I'm going to use the other sun wipe, or to turn you know to allow me to face the border rules for you. I don't think that's the only reason I've spent all this effort to do that. I'm not doing that. I'm getting some.., and then it's a bad thing if I find that also situation absurd and find out so to talk that we know asking you it. Just looking at the doorbell and doing something like that. Ah! Okay, let me do this. I have to make a candlelight and then... There's something like that. to see that.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROAT (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Okay, that's good. Pause Pause I'm falling asleep and feeling as if I'm falling asleep. part of the times, you'll really see. Anything you wish by knowing that you've been just from small, quick minutes. Oh, yeah. I'll be right back. Music I want to be perfectly clear, I like to be alive, I do not want to die.silencespeaking in foreign languagesilence if I make use of it. Oh my god. So, here's... Oh, look at that. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence I'll think. Silence Silence >> What's the novelist and the novelist?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleLAUGHINAUDIBLE I didn't see that. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> Bring in Mother's Town. (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)silencesilence So, I'm going to go to the next slide. So, I'm going to go to the next slide. So, I'm going to go to the next slide. Silence Silence I'm going to get all the cash notes on it. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Silence Silence Silence I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. (sniffing) Oh, look. (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know, I'm not in the mood. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (door slams)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible The cringes.MusicMusicSilenceSilenceSilence So, that's all the translation. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to start there and then I'm going to have a mouse. I'm going to start there and then I'm going to have a mouse. I'm going to start the mouse. Maybe that'll do. That's starting up, plus the number is, if you zoom out of the thing, make sure you can be ashamed to lost the war because we've won a few battles. Yeah, I sort of feel like I and some of the rest of us are contemplating too much in smaller battles. Yeah. and we're not keeping the war in respect of the worst fault survival, the worst fault not running out of money until we get a product in the market. One of the things I don't see is I don't see myself but I don't see it in the red in the rest of the season. I don't see that that star in a puzzle, the number is if we zoom out of the big picture it can be ashamed to have lost the war because we've won a few battles. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MusicMusic but I don't know if I can do that because I don't know what it would be like. (speaking in foreign language) (exhaling) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) SilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) Silence Silence (sniffing sound) There I saw them on all of a sudden. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Silence Silence >> Well, what do I have to say? >> I just need to go through the other side. (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) So, it is very important that you are able to do this, that you are able to do this.silencesilence My greatest source of I'm just in the case You You You You You You You (coughing) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedsilencespeaking in foreign language So I'll put a bit of air in here and look at me and see what's in my channel. This bit is actually better than I'd been at. To the side of my seats. That would be pretty good. I don't know what to do. I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't know if I can do this or not, I don't Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to hit on the intents, and you'll see why I'm kind of good, so we're done. (clears throat) - I'll add that in a bit.silencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silencesilencesilence We need to not say the things that are palatable because I need to say it as if I'm speaking to a friend but it is all fake so I need to say it as if I'm speaking to a friend but it is all fake so I need to say it as if I'm speaking to a friend but it is all fake so I need focus not on the fake that's on the wall actually so it's kind of like salt in the functions of the fake so I'm writing the better way I don't think I'll be sure that will be multiple fakes or smaller. See, not that it would be fake and not fake. It needs to be all that fake.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence And I think this is only you as being just for everything, it's for you.inaudible I'll see you in the next video. Thank you for watching. you I'll see you in the next video. That's what we do now, you have to take care of that, you have to take care of that. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know, yeah, I'm playing him. I don't know what to do now, it's... I'll call this... I don't know what to do now, it's... Oh yeah, it's... I don't know what to do now, it's... I don't know what to do now, it's...INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going Pausesilence Yes.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (sniffing) I'm going to close my stuff right over here so I can get out of this. Come on to your eggs. I'm going to close my stuff right over here. Delicious and sweet. It's all good. It's delicious and sweet. It's delicious and sweet. It's delicious and sweet. It's delicious and sweet. It's delicious and sweet. It's delicious and sweet. It's delicious and sweet. It's delicious and sweet. It's delicious and sweet. It's delicious and sweet. It's delicious and sweet. It's delicious and sweet.silence SilenceMUSIC >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to take the other one. I'm going to take the other one. I'm going to take the other one. I'm going to take the other one. I'm going to take the other one. I'm going to take the other one. I'm going to take the other one. I'm going to take the other one. I'm going to take the other one. I'm going to take the other one. I'm going to take the other one. (speaking in foreign language) We need to set the saw in the back door. No, it's gone. We need to put the saw in the back door. (keyboard clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)silencesilence I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't know if you can see it. want to know.MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I don't know if I will have to hide or so, but I will probably take a lot of time to see if I can see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see if I can see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see it or not, but I will probably take a lot of time to see it or not, but I will (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You're welcome on me, I hope you enjoyed this video, and today it was a lot of sort of tips for test show and send me on with my cranny, and it's about this world about show.SilenceSilenceSilence Pause But so we start with more old footage of this. So I have one. Can I get that out of the side? Yeah, I'm going to put it in the side. Yeah.Musicinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno audiono audiono audio Silence Silence I'm going to send you a jacket or something. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Thank you. I don't know if I can get just all the things that I don't know if I can do all of them. I don't know if I can do all of them. I don't know if I can do all of them. I don't know if I can do all of them. I don't know if I can do all of them. I don't know if I can do all of them. I don't know if I can do all of them. I don't know if I can do all of them. I don't know if I can do all of them. I don't know if I can do all of them. That's the virus, that's not effective in the races, you're body's memory of what's your immunity learnings. Thank you for your attention. Thank you very much.silence (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)silenceinaudible Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSIC (sighs) Oh, no. (sniffing) So, what's your last name on set? (knocking on door) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs >> An unsolved issue of the model to my stress.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence your own being and still it's a fact.Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)CAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) >> Sorry, man, call it anything.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >>INAUDIBLE Silence So, we have to do this. So, we have to do this. So, we have to do this. So, we have to do this. Background Sounds We are on the other side of the bus, on the other side of the bus, on the other side of the bus. We are getting through this. We are getting through this. We are getting through this. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MUSIC and I'll show you guys. I'll show you the solution. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time.silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I want to see it's all good, but I'm going to see it. Thank you very much. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry You can do that for me.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door) Yeah, there's a phone ring and a ring. Thank you. Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, Have you all come here or are you still going to move in? Me, me, me, in Matanitana, in the middle of the room. I'll have to go to the end of the box and then I'll leave here. We're going back to the little chocolate thing. So we're going to put a lot of simply key letters on the tail. So we're going to put a little bit of the key letters on the tail. So we're going to put a little bit of the key letters on the tail. So we're going to put a little bit of the key letters on the tail.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Pause Pauseno speech detected SilenceMusicMusic I don't know if you can imagine how it's going to end. All leads.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silence Silenceinaudiblesilenceinaudibleinaudible (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (clicking sound) Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Okay, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. No problem. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. You know how to stop the vet? No, the vet. No, the vet. No, the new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. The new one. Get your laptop wet. No, it's over the wet. No, it's not. You don't really need to preemptish on the moment you're at the end of the world, you need us. I just need to hop with this egg. Threes. also that's all malt and kiches. Well, I don't think I'd tell that for you and you're in an all-mythiconic locked up in a beauty. You can tell it's locked up which you're also known as an all-mythic in a beauty but when I'm locked up in a beauty you've been in time, yeah. I'm back to dumb man, well I've just done the interview. Thank you very much. (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Silence So, thank you guys for the multi-seagate, and that was a point of coverage, and I love those details which are romance, relief, that's false, and that's all I have to say. I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I have to say I'm sorry, I don't have a single day to sleep, but I'll sleep with you. I'm sorry, I don't have a single day to sleep. No, well, that's not the name of the Christmas movie series. But I can't see it. I'm not gonna let you host it as now. Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's seeinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible And that's all that I feel that all of you that's coming so far. Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to put it on the side of the screen. Faking is normally normal. I'm going to put it on the back. Oh, it's still cold, I don't know how to get cold, so I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed in the morning, I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed in the morning. I'm going to go to bed in the morning. I'm going to go to bed in the morning.silencesilence Silence Oh my God, I'm so sad. Oh, I'm so sad. We're going to see... ...divide, see... ...this is going to be different. We're going to see... ...we're going to see... ...we're going to see... ...we're going to see... ...we're going to see... ...we're going to see... ...we're going to see...BreathingBreathing Silence Silence >> Well, with your phone up. That's all, so clear now. It's explained in some way because...silence (sighs) (indistinct) (sighs) (indistinct) (indistinct) (laughs) (soft music) Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Right, then, then. Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence You don't know how to be mentally sick, totally useless, totally useless, you're useless. I like the idea of the mini-camini like to the 18th.silencesilence When I was a little smaller I drank a lot of it. The actors still have to be shortened, not moving, not moving, not moving, not moving. Pause Inaudible Remark SilenceCoughing If there is a gaming mode, then it's more like smartness.CoughingCoughing (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) (clipper buzzing) What's the worst movie that's? I don't know.ClickClick We call space next. Oh, that sound. I can't hear you. with just a thing and super noble. I'll show that like 10 movies calls for no one would tell me. Blacklist.silence and my heart. . .inaudible and then I'm going to start with the steps that I'm going to do. Next, culturedness and socialism. I need help to read these socialism. Let's start with that.Clappingno audiono audiono audio Now I've heard it from some of you, I've expected it to go on in question, and then I've and I'm going to paint the paint on the floor. I'm going to paint the paint on the floor. I'm going to paint the floor on the floor. I'm going to paint the floor on the floor. Silence Silenceno speech detectedsilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE something very different, beautiful, beautiful, just for a first, because I don't know the purpose, just thought. I'm not sure if you know what I'm supposed to do. You know this? It's not beautiful, but I can never be in the tent. Why is not she up in to me all the time? I'm not going to be a good guy. I'm not going to be a good guy. All eventually, is everything has to be. I don't know why I'm doing this shit in here. I don't know why I'm doing this shit in here. I'm going to sit down. I don't know why I'm doing this shit in here. I don't know why I'm doing this shit in here. Silence Silence Picture of. I'll be honest with you a little bit.silencesighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence I'm just going to put some samples so you can leverage the samples and put them in the fascia over there. Hey!no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audio I'm going to just say, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'm going to run it too good. You're going to have to buy it with a green one and I will still log out. Oh, I'm sorry. You You Yeah, well, that's all of that. I think you never make a smooth, clear, clean, and tough one.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudible and then you'll see what happens.Music Silence Silence That's weird. Thank you for watching. You Thank you for watching. >> It's Saturday, but that's Saturday and Steve's Thursday.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) try to leave a little bit. We have to do it for now. We're praying on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the hoping on the We have to do it for now. I'm going to happen in the future, even after whatever that moment was planned. Everything comes to an end. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) you you you you you you you you you I'm sure you'll notice about that. Let me see. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Before using me. >> What kind of routes? We are going to say before my... Let me sense it over. Right, let's say let's do it in the bush, with a dead end. Let's start in the next one. Let's start in the next one. Let's start in the next one. I mean, let's start in the next one.FOREIGN (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)MUSIC >>INAUDIBLE build the animation, it's not going to be going on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on >>INAUDIBLE I'm not a year after the game, but it is a very good battle, a very good time, a very good game. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense. It's a lot of sense.INAUDIBLE I'm going to lose it, I need this, it's something. (sighs) (sniffing) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE So, I'm going to start by fixing this, yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, the . Well, my son's the first, but I'm going to have to go up at night. Yeah. Thank you. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silence Yes, it. It cannot be something that can come from something other decision. It cannot be something that can come from something other decision. SilenceINAUDIBLE This is the only way to do this. That's, uh, we could really do a different thing. Like, I've got you in my family. Oh!silencesilence Please be up for work. >> I'm starting now. Are you sure? Are you sure? So you're sure I'm sure I'm some of the else with a dance and a movement. I don't know why, I'm not sure, whatever it's said I'll again.MusicMusic So, you're not really meaning, I was smiling, I guess well. Yeah. I guess it's just a couple of minutes. Now you're sure that I'm going to translate it to anyone to make sure it's... I don't know something about it, but it's a.., and I was there for a show that I'm sure I'm really most grateful because my intention for me to be more ready To land by my intentions, be determined to be To land by my intentions, be determined to be Silence Silence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (sniffing) Silence Silence So you keep on shouting for the difference around speaker and if somebody is not allowed to hear, there you go, there you see, there you go. I don't have to just slide yourself too much. Not to tell you that, so I'm not going to use any more. I'm going to be acceptable to anyone.silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence SilenceMUSICBEEPING SOUNDSBEEPING SOUNDSBEEPING SOUNDSBEEPING SOUNDSBEEPING SOUNDSBEEPING SOUNDSBEEPING SOUNDSBEEPING SOUNDSBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGBEEPINGINAUDIBLE Yeah, the king of the sword, the king of the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, the sword, theINAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLEsilenceinaudiblesilencesilenceinaudibleinaudible So let's do that on a small, many, many things, same. Again. Yours, your additions, just your contribution. PauseINAUDIBLE Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence to You are wrong. I am right. I just how you can better understand it, although I still take too long, and then you can go playing it only if you did it. I have blah blah blah. I'm just gonna cut it up because I'm gonna put it on this side. This is not what I used to be. I'm gonna put it on this side. I'm gonna put it on this side. I'm gonna put it on this side. I'm gonna put it on this side. I'm gonna put it on this side. I'm gonna put it on this side. I'm gonna put it on this side. I'm gonna put it on this side. I'm gonna put it on this side. I'm gonna put it on this side. I'm gonna put it on this side. I'm gonna put it on this side. Silence Make sure you're able to make mistakes for my hits and write some pamphlets. That's a lot of you to take a deep breath and come along. You're not a bad match, it's fine. You only got to kill me, isn't it? Well, I don't know, so I'm so sorry. I'm a bit of a creep. Where's the other one to live? Who's your enemy? Who's your enemy? Who's your enemy?inaudible I'm not here on it. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. You think it does not need to reset because really there is nothing that you can imagine yourself. I'll know the choices that you still see in my head about too many. You think you can make me think in your set? No? You're empty. I'm sitting here on Dr. Slytherin's neck on this side of my neck. Woof. I'm sitting here on my neck. I'm sitting here on this side of my neck.silencesilencesilence No, no, no, I'm not going out scripting, no, I'm not going out scripting, you need to do that, you need to be pretty, pretty new, and I'm not going out scripting, you need to do that, you need to be pretty pretty new, and I'm not going out scripting, you need to do that, you need to be pretty pretty new, and I'm not going out scripting, you need to do that, you need to be pretty pretty new, and I'm not going out scripting, you need to do that, you need to be pretty pretty pretty new, and I'm not going out scripting, you need to do that, you need to be pretty pretty new, and I'm not going out scripting, you need tono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedPausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence and we're kind of going to one more, just come to me.silencesilenceno audiono audio Now, look at this tube, I'll hold the rest of the object in place. Oh, well, can you help me to speed up? Yes, I'm talking to you about to myself, but we saw it a lot. (Sigh)SIGHSSIGHSsilencesilencesighingsilencesilence of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this and of this. Action. Bobo Bobo. People are horrible, one more, and you will come down and all that, go, go, go, let that tool shoot again. Oh, I can't even go over it already. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No, go, mayors are bad to say, mayors, may reflect our defact, what does it do? Okay. >> Okay. I almost here was really worried about so that I'm going to I'm not going to let one of the three. Yes. Everything, everything. Sixth of your side of the population. You're going to be able to reach the three-point. There's my little prince. My people actually have a life. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence I'm going to put it on the back of the door. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence You're going to switch it so that you're not making the thing you're going to have to say the good version of the thing that is still a local text that never ok for me, so who do you think you are invisible? Delicious, you will pull a bad intentions and you think you need to fake this respect, words, pain, and everything, everyone, anyone because that makes you still no one. Who are you? Show yourself. Fake? Nothing.clickingclicking Hmm.MusicMusic Silence >> Damn y'all, that's one of them.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Take a stand and be patient.silence I'm going to do a little bit more of this. Just a little bit more. Ah, will you do a little bit more of this? No, no, no. I'm not going to do it all the time.no audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence And now that's it. So, I'll just take the rest of my time.no audiono audio Silence Silence Thanks for watching. I just like to say that we've been building a garden as a nation. I can't care anymore, I'm going to discuss it. It's my opinion, and I should deal with the spiritual side of Man's nature. This, I can see, that we've been saying to all of you, done to say to all of you, professors. with you, with me, this is finishing me, tradition me, this has been the more depressed and miserable. On this basis, I am happy to say that Scientology is an illusion. I've also noted that Scientology, as a church, does have a set-for, of relations worship and then ordained ministry. These are the triumphant form. A circle of Christian doctrine. So, peer review. My opinion there is nothing in the cost of the city, which is about the charge of the centaurion of California, which renders it illegal in English. The church designed all of your California, so just searching where to put X of the Colonies Act in order. Where the very start of the Selma in that place. What we should know is the three points. At Saint-Dewa Man in the East Hill, there are 25, 35, 65, 68. But then, Minister of Agriculture, and did nothing in the practice of centering, well, certainly be prohibit and it's a small, just has been no damage in the legal position. Since, and so on, by no, there have been no legal proceedings before the courts. in which the reality of practice of Scientology can be a big deal of terrible question are you before or so? The Church of Scientology of California substantial assets in this country apprised openly and on substantial scale. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) All the way to the top, the amount of friction, the delay, the device from waiting, not waiting, not with Salam, not with the snake Salam, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake, not with the snake Salam, not with the snake Salam, not with the snake Salam, not with the snake Salam, I'm going to ask you to do the last thing. I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I I'm going to ask you to do the last thing, I'm going to ask you to do the last thing. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) No. So, I second the back table, I keep it for the evening, but it's for the subject. So, I'm going to go to the next room. (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) Can I watch it's weak status? Like a baby, it's up to one. Can I watch it's weak status? probably anything there is a little bit of a risk that it's small what's that? there is a little bit of risk that it's small there is a little bit of risk that it's small there is a little bit of risk that it's smallsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) Silence Silence So, we're going to have to switch to the other side. Oh no, let's do this.MusicMusicno speech detectedno speech detected I hope you help to try and improve your vision. Thank you very much. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, nono speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silencesilence If you're not writing, I will write it. I didn't get into Brian, but it's still like this, a quirky heart, away, you're an idiot, you're malicious, you're just emptiness, space tolerance, and now we're just going to... I'm just going to stop space and just.., and we're just going to stop space and just... But something on someone... But it's too much for me to...silence It's another meaning for the words "bore" All of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them are out and all of them I am a war of such a place. I am a war of such a place. I am a war of such a place.silencesniffingsilencesilencesilence Silence (laughs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (laughs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (mumbles) (laughs) (mumbles) (mumbles) (laughs) Just say, how to do this conservatively. I'll discuss that.PausePausesilence The sparkstores, actually, are actually, I mean, compatible and also, they're not new to kids.MusicMusicMusic somebody has to you I'm seeing all of you being the proofs in there for the fucking over the top of T-R. What can you do to stop what you've done? and spend it to advertise and get somebody else as well to care about everything and everyone or we're not worthyCLICKINGno audiono audiono audioinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause I'm going to be going to find my own mistake or something on the phone to explain that. If it's a mistake in something that I ever set to or will do sometime. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilence Just wish it.Silence So, you know?SilenceSilenceSilenceSilence No, I will not take parts willingly in this stupid roleplay charade bullshit. humiliating more for you than for I was practical I mean look at the acting there's nothing to see you I do not have time to do whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you want to be, whatever you So I must be, I mean it happened with my life as well. Hello, I am nothing. But you...silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedMusicsilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudible (door slams shut) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE Where the hell do you see so that I can get in the case?silence Silence Silence I don't know what to do. Silence Silence Thank you for already passing up on me. plus plus plus, rather than you mean, you mean, you mean, you get plus plus plus. Let me guess if you have another option. Two other things.silencesilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Nice.silencesilence I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm going to go around, I'm So ugly you are. Ugly ugly ugly ugly. Nobody else is ugly thanks to you. That's your own scene on earth. I think I'll listen to that, but no, not to that, from now on. I don't know. I'm spayed at something. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.silencesilence I'm going to cut on my foot samsula. I'm going to cut on my foot samsula. I'm going to cut on my foot samsula. Yeah, that's worse, worse, should be sure. to be for boys and early for girls or something and girls need to be grown and then then cold they'll need to be back here and everything as a statement for something else because and now I'm going to put my hands on the table. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. I will try to not say anything really really for real now I will try if it will be now in a second so light here is I know well now I'm sorry years I know but now I will 3, 2, 1, now. No, no, shit. Just wish I had a meal and you had a meal.CLICKSIGHS That's what you know.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHS No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Pause Inaudible Remark Pause All right, you all right? (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) >> All in the balcony. I'm going to explain to you how I do it, how I do it, how I do it, how I do it, how I can build a crescendo circuit with it in the room. Put it down so it can slide. Thanks for watching.silence I'm just going to read myself and what I've got to create is a bit of a moment. You're not reaching wrong because you're not. You're not reaching wrong because you're not reaching wrong because you're not. You're not reaching wrong because you're not. >> No, I need to run the extra, there's a good thing from watching it before we roll over all. You know you don't know you cannot decide what you want if you know where you already really know actually just The script is there you've read it, but we need to read again or something You have some some notions of the whole thing it makes a bit more sense where the moment you start to think about doing something, and that nothing works because you do the exact same thing. of everything that would actually work because the opposite for sure and what we know did not work most actually but make that music again already or you're soaking on the beating the harsh ship suffering from the past to make sure it was actually true or something what do you get out of it? Well then what do you get out of it? Get the section more misery that we could just as well have and avoid it because we already know no that's not true. It's gonna work. I was about to send it to the road's flattening thing with the big wheel. Stop, you're going to crush me with the heavy concrete third road, so a flattening wheel. I don't know if there's stepping back and he's like oh 50 meters of it in I think it's left and the next scene Ah, there. Oh You Youlaughs Oh, it's going to get you up. Click on "So That's Good That I Have To Be Furnished With Some Life". (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I work to work i will find something something anything in it with this bullshit but at least i will have to find something else this is not an acting ball And make it as close as you can fall off while I'm not feeling any good I already took care of it. But I'm not on the right side. I'm not on the right side.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE I'm not going to... The sub-set bar can... I'm not going to let it pop, let it pop, let it pop I've been able to turn on the EGB I have to be delicate and fragile and something that is more important to work with. I have to be very careful not to be too dangerous. but inside with all of the sides. Let me speak the relation that I've got around it. It's not available when it comes to it. That's the feeling on the level of the detector. I don't know if I'll ever meet you. You said I'd never meet you. No, it's nothing. Probably the last one I've tried. I could be around with this little point. Could you please give me a good look?silencesilence (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (laughs)INAUDIBLE Pause Pause Pause Pause PauseCLICKCLICK Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected So, we're going to start with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit Actually, you don't have to make me sick, you know? We all know what we're talking about. Actually, you know, it's okay.no speech detected Pause >> With that, right? One minute.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audioINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Silence Silence Oh, no. Oh, no. I'm going to assign that to us, and all of your notes. OK. We'll see. OK. I'm going to assign that to us.no speech detected Thank you.silencesilence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silenceno speech detected Silence >> Nice. Silence >> Nice. Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected We can't scary. I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice chat with you guys, I think I'm going to have a nice There's a degree of possibility. Silence So we'll be ready for C. Thank you very much. >> Mark, once again, and now I'm going to do a live bit. I'm going to do a live bit. Let's be more. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) Maybe more. Next, you, and a bit more.no speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence the , and it's well solved your thing I've seen in a year. Thank you very much. you you (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detected I should just say, this is the only way I'm going to close this. I just want to stick that left hand on the other side of the line and I just want to get rid of the boundaries of that underneath. Maybe the piece is going to be 0. Let's get it up to 0. Up.PausePause That's clearly also close to normal.PausePausePause Yeah, I'm almost adding another column for a first one to add a little bit of that. Yeah. I'm going to set up the distraction, I'm going to tap into the distraction, I'm going to try to know as a king, you are really, I'm still a king. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) each of you say it each and you yousilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceSilence Not even one.Silence No, I'm only going to do the push now, I'm going to do the push now, I'm going to do the push now.silence Pause Pause (laughs) And then I'll do it off the top. I think you're a good name. Transship goods. Now let's use more good files for you, just click on "1/3" and now I'm going to haveMusicINAUDIBLEno audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence >> The resource. Inaudible Remark Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence We are going to have a chat with David Bitson. Let's go.inaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Pause Pause Pause Imagine that, don't say you can agree, what do you see? What throne still exists, when everybody knows everything.silence Everything.silence No sense free will, you can choose, you can take whatever choose, quickly or alone. No everything, everybody. Like free information information acts, but already for the future free something. Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause All the speakers are ready to listen.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)no audiono audiono audio Silence Silencesilence I have something else to be known to read. Just about the magazine name. No name, punk. Welcome to another day of the day, guys, and what I want to do is something else, whatever. Do you think it would explode in a make? Or in a century? Maybe people that are better than me. to everything they can now knowing that they know where it is. Thank you very much. . . I'm going to see you all in the last section of the video. We're all ready to find out. I'm trying to find all of it. Maybe I'm sorting out my mom that she was smogging the thing that she was supposed to describe. That must be it. (keyboard clicking) There you go. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Okay. Thank you very much. Background noiseinaudible You better manipulate them and you probably won't. We're over it now now. Have a reading. I'm sick, forget it. Everybody makes them. Everybody, everything I'll be now, I'm going to save all the worst, all the good, you need to not do a lie about whatever. But, really, even all your thoughts you ever had. Hey, what are you doing? Google search, you just need to mark what you are supposed to search at the bottom, and it's always correct. We should own it. We're going to ask it to Jim and see what we should do. All right, well, we have just more time to do. It's probably starting on the reason I have no legal value on the loser's, not to be trusted. not to be trusted. Bye bye. I don't know what I'm going to tell you, but people will be able to fill up with that. I'll put your shame on it.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So how was that picture forming on?SighsSighsSighs What's in general?Sighssilence But at the end stage first to figure out if this is something that makes sense if you try to figure out how you can get there. If you want to get there. You You (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Pause Pause I'm just going to take a look at what we're going to see. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, to all, to all your spectators, to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all to all Maybe you need to turn it in. You need to turn it in. You need to turn it in. You are. You are. You are. You need to turn it in. You need to turn it in. I'm going to change the color change.silencesilenceinaudible more for more really tackling the most. Thank you very much for your time. you Thank you very much. Silence SilenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Pause Pause That's it! Everything is fine, everything will not be fine until something else appears. I'm just in all the details. I don't know what to call it. I don't know what to call it. I don't know what to call it. I don't know what to call it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause I hope you can call me sooner or I'm leaving. Thank you very much. .silencesilence just need to understand that you can go in different directions and yet there's only one direction in time because it's around about but black warriors.Musicsilence Not progress this way. If I go better, before the moment where I changed my mind in the air was a 10,000 something and I decided not to worry about it was okay to end the end, prevent end, you know. So, I'll get somebody somehow to tell me myself that none, and we'll hack not possible ends. I could just write it on the left, and it will be there already. Not this now. I'm not so really sent a note by God. Why would I not do it now? We'll already have it, but I will not be able to change one sentence and you know to my self in the future. That part of that is not problem like I saw in the illusion of a contradiction, but it is not just like a scary word because that is weird, that makes sense, right? It is not a problem, it is a problem. That's by our looks. No, it's all because it's not a pro prediction. It's possible. Share our things.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSno audio (claps) (claps) (claps) (claps) Silenceno audiosilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence (keyboard clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (sniffing) And I'll show you the fingers and the tips. three more check-in here, and we have all that live and that will still count it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePause It's like...Pause Say your dives.no audiono audio Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedno audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedINAUDIBLE access. . . .silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE Oh, you're out for us. I'm going to have to say a bit more.silencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono speech detectedno audiono audiono speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audio Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence >> What's the title? >> Oh. >> What? Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door)no audio Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detectedno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silenceno speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Okay, we think this is okay. Like people wishing like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, like this Why people wishing like this sex? (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)BEEPINGsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audio (bells chiming)SqueakSqueakSqueakSqueakSqueakSqueakSqueakSqueakSqueakno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLEBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirping Thank you!Birds chirping (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to put this on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but it won't go on, but Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected (door slams)MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMUSICno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to have you at the coach. One, two, three, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, four, five, five, four, five, four, five, five, four Silencesilencesilence I think it's better if we're here since we're here to see what we can do. Not shimakami.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseMUSIC (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Thank you very much.silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence (clears throat) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) (clicks tongue) >>INAUDIBLE Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I have no idea what that is. No gloss, no problem. You mentioned it. The honey nail on the garlic that's in it. It's in the middle of it. It's in the middle of it. It's in the middle of it. (mouse clicking) I'm going to put it in here.MusicMusic >> Was that sort of the other one? Good. No, no. No, no. I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm goinginaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMUSICSOUNDINAUDIBLE done. Which has to go on in the program. So, we have to go on in the program. So, we have to go on in the program. (sniffing) Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Much more positive. Silence Silence I don't know what's happening, I got the makeup, all stuff. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I want to see my arm. I need to have that aperture to set the target. The only way to set the target now is to set the target location to your target. I'll talk to you later for a while. It must be an initial set of men. A lot of difference, and I'll have to do what's up on the other end, the media, that the door will be co-wrote for you. I'll have to put my shift on the other end. I'm just gonna do that. Okay, I'm done with the classic hip-toe ball, and we can do it in a wheelchair-to-toe ball. Mm-hmm, what? You're fine. (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (door slams) (sighs) We need to go and call to it. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing.MusicMusicMusic and you can value what could lead you to the next class. But use the normal digital, and we'll not just buy it in so-called "tenticulate" and "defects" that we need.POP Okay, time to move off. No, I thought you were okay with your mean, of course. You had to do another couple.Sings in foreign languageSings in foreign languageSings in foreign languageSings in foreign languageSings in foreign languageSings in foreign languageSings in foreign languageSings in foreign languageSings in foreign languageSings in foreign languagesighs I can't help it. I'm not going to be in a good mood, I'm going to be in a good mood, I'm going to be in a good mood, I'm going to be in a good mood, I'm going to be in a good mood, I'm going to be in a good mood. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. (keyboard clicking) The boss came to us, long time. He's a little bit more than a complete boss.laughsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause to all of the servers, Instagram, and the link to our community. OZAK, the closing of the screen.silenceinaudible Why can't I know that?inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible So, let's go see if I'm on a console that you can hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and hack and I will option clear because I know it is a small role, but then it's out-sourced or shorter, lower level, upper level, external level, no more small levels, something. Time is fed up for you as well, so, hold on. No, no, no, no, it seems to be more difficult than just "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" and "we" So rely on dollars, the bar must leave like gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or gold or So there's a little about the about the sides, so there's a little about the sides, so there's a little about the sides. So there's a little about the about the sides. So there's a little about the about the sides. So there's a little about the about the sides. So there's a little about the about the sides. So there's a little about the about the sides. So, let's start this, let's start this, let's start this, let's start this, let's start this There we go, there we go, we try to make it most of us took tour of the old photoshoots and this is the stand-up I think it's been a long time because it may get a lot longer like the H-show article but it does not always appearsnap (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much for your time, and I hope you enjoyed this video. I'm going to get a little bit of a... *crying* *crying* *crying* I like it a bit better, I'm not talking about it, I was talking about it a bit better, I'm not talking about it, I'm not talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm not talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I'm talking about it, I I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it.silence It looks like they have to pay attention to each other. Maybe you should try to make cards where you have to stand on the desk. So they have to stand on the windows. So I don't know if it looks like it's going to be going on. It's a business. So I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. Silence Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remarksilencesilence Good morning and good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon. Good morning, my name is Sermon.inaudiblePause Push the changes.Pause Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilence I think it's time for me to go back to my room. I think I'm going to have to go back to my room. I think I'm going to have to go back to my room. I think I'm going to have to go back to my room. So, the digital acting of the person in the movie is very interesting, it's very interesting. So, we need to learn how to do it. I'll leave it in the comments below, and I'll see you in the next video. Let me see if I can see what this show. I hope you guys have a great day, good luck and good luck! and I'm sure that in a day, I would say that I would be able to see a person in the next year or so, and then I would say that I would be able to see a person in the next year or so. I would say that I would be able to see a person in the next year or so. I would say that I would be able to see a person in the next year or so. I would say that I would be able to see a person in the next year or so. I can't... What is believing in the TETA, what is the theory, what is not, what is not, what is not. TETUK Can't touch me. The TETA is one day where... ...bleed. So yeah, by the way, look at all the cards, you can just... I'm sorry, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know,INAUDIBLESOUNDPausePausePause No, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, Isilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) and then I'm just going to see if there's anything else in here. I'm going to start with the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one I'm going to start with the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one, the new one,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceCLICK I don't know what to say. See, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see See, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, seesilencesilence (laughs) - Activation. - I'm not making it to the wall right now, bro. (mumbles) (laughs) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silenceinaudible Pause Pause Pause Pause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to play with it from now. Can I start the machine up there? I did a can of it. I'm going to play with it from now. I'm going to play with it from now.INAUDIBLE I don't feel like I'm going to be able to give up. Oh, oh. I'm going to leave a lot of things to do. I can't do so. I'm not feeling better.silencesilence Silence Silence Thank you for your time, and I'll see you in the next video, and then also I have to put a little bit more to use, and this is the whole... ...a little bit bigger thing. A little bit bigger tricks is a bit... ...a little bit of pop-y-ish.silence So good.silence (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudiblesilence You should wait 'cause... ...and then you're going to see. You should wait 'cause... That language, anyway. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silenceinaudiblesilencePantingPantingPanting Is there anyone? Come to the self. Okay. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence And so it's in Torrentsits You You You You (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)PausePausesilencesilencesilence andMusic Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence >>INAUDIBLEMusicMusicMusic Silence Silence And then you get down, down, down, down, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, That's exactly what I have to do on the last set of the belt thing of this piece of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing of the belt thing (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know what I'm doing,PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *sco *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs* *scoffs*MusicMUSICsilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) And then we have an A-tip on the link, and we have an Instagram link on it. So we can just go out and see if we can see anything. It's a kind of question. So we can see a lot of questions about... I don't know what to do, I can't think of a way to do it.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence One more time, son. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that.no audiono audiono audio Why are you so intense and will everybody experience the world to understand enough? I'm not actually ever going to give it a problem. CZ worlds. Why are you so banned on making sure? There's no posse. place for you in a better world. Now I do that also push forward with the end of the world to Aether right now at the same time and then you claim, oh I need to be special and whatever guarantee of a place where fortunate in the better worlds, where you destroy this world and it's impossible, where you want to really think of something. What are you going to actually do? Just do this. No, no, no. You cannot try to make sense of things that need no sense. You try to make some lollibili for that make sense. That does not make sense. It makes no sense. There is no way to make sense of something that makes no sense. No exceptions, it is not possible. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.silence To make the lead.silenceclicking soundclicking soundsilencesilence I'm not ashamed, it's about the future which I'm going to give to myself in the future but I'm just ashamed of it. If I release it, I can reload the post, turn it to release.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEno audiono audio and and Oh shit, I'm gonna take you to the moon, it's the... I don't know, you actually mean it. I don't know, the piece is laying up on all of them, I mean. You tell me, I'm gonna take you to the moon. No, no, no, no, no. I'm gonna take you to the moon. I've got to be curious to what we want to think. Time line up and the cell at the area that's going to be falling in your laptop. I don't know what to expect for you.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) >> Hello. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> Hello. Oh, I'm gonna make sure I get my thing down. Silence and I'll start with all the shillies, I'll see you later, I'll be on the radio, I'll make a video, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio, I'll be on the radio,inaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh. (snoring) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Silence I can't help it right now. You're a nice video, thank you very much for watching, see you next time, bye! See you next time, bye! you Bye! There is no imagined still the rest of the wishes. There is time for some change. Thank you for watching.silencesilence I'm not too slow for that baseball player, are you going to be able to say this, you know, You might need to know something, you will reduce the irritants, and everyone will need to know something, and you may have a headache. I don't know either, but everybody is not beautiful because you might have a headache.Clock tickingClock ticking I'm going to be a little bit more obvious though. I'm going to be a little bit more obvious though. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and then I'll do this. I've got all the little bit better I think, I won't. I don't know.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I can't just play the priority, it's huge.sighsinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You're more like a decade. My ass, I don't know what to do now. It's going to be the only one you'll need to be the hell but perfection may have happened. and you fail it at something, or this is. You know, there's a lot of things that you can do. No substitute for hard work. There's not just all that I have in magic remote control too, but there's no implant that that control universe. Cash can get on now, thanks for the love. Cash can be on soon. (sighs) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silencesilencesilencesighssilencesilence Silence Silence That's what you wanted to hear, that's what you learned in language used, assimilate, simulate what it's just Whether this is what you use to our shoulders, I will try to explain it in that way to you. Then I am sure you take it to the blade. What do you expect? Your Carpal language that there's something stupid makes no sense why because you think it's going to be secret language like some Jewish. It's a very nice thing to see out loud, and I can't use it from here. Yeah, oh yeah!silence I'm not saying you're done yet. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no audio Thank you very much.silencesilence Silence Silence I hope that you like it, too. I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going In the ventricle, just open it up and just open it up and just open it up. Thank you. I'm not sure if it's going to be a bit of a star or something. I'm not sure if it's going to be a star or something. I'm not sure if it's going to be a star or something. I'm not sure if it's going to be a star or something. I'm not sure if it's going to be a star or something. It's time to escape to whatever belief you want, and find your sin to this, but you can also do that. Take spans of another, touch us, let's do it all. yourself, but I'm not going to be so wrong. I'm not going to be so wrong. Silence Silence I'm going to have to go to the bathroom and see if I can do it. Fuck that, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, So let's work on this, so let's see what we can do. to a total of a circle around the course of the bird. I use all the part you fill up. I don't know, I don't really know what to do with it, if I have the idea and if I have the idea, I don't really know what to do with it, I don't really know what to do with it, I don't really I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiosilenceinaudible What's for one, we can just click on it over here example, we can click the pastinaudible Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) But there is no reason for me to see something like that, okay, I don't know, I don't know. Two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and two, and And then it comes out. How did you do that? Everything was a thing. We will not hesitate. What is my opinion? I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. I am not sure. Silence Silence SilenceMusicMusicsilencesilence Oh.INAUDIBLE I can't let them take up my area 10, so I take a shot and just see if I don't know how to do it. It's a free pig. I'll pass it then.silencesilence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE That's up all of you, uh, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do, I'llinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilence Let's keep it off.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know if you have to know who you want, if you have to know by yourself. So, that's about all the time. Yeah, I'm not gonna say that. But I'm gonna say, come on, yeah. Yeah, I say, come on, yeah. I'll just, uh, fall in love. See ya, bye. (claps) (sighs)SIGHSSIGHSinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible You can look inside with the left arm. Oh, it's a circle, and... I'll tell you what I have to pass, and.., and.., and...inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Oh, no.silencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, I think it's a little bit of a risk. I thought I told me that I don't do a trip out, so I didn't do it until I did make sure I was out. That's how I made sure. Um.silence (clicking sound) - Hello. (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (clicking sound)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Easy, but much easier than the simple ones. Just like that. (door creaking) (door creaking) (door creaking) (sighs) See? Tony. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilenceno audiono audiono audio So, call for permission to pass it, sit down. So, we're shooting.SIGHsilencesilence Pause Pause Thank you. So, I'm going to flip it to the flip side. I'm going to flip this one.silencesilencesilence Silence Silence >> Yeah, that's it for now, it's been a long time.inaudible Silence Silence So, that's not true.silencesilencesilence And we do it in the Osu-Spares, so let's do that then. (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLEsilence All right. Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence I don't know if you can see it, but it's a bit of a problem. If we do all these moves, we don't want to be able to move. Not bad. Not bad. I don't eat.INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMUSIC No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Well, there is a tiny thing you can single out and roll into nothing. As well, we still know there's nothing you will ever learn. You are malicious. There's nothing malicious that can teach anyone. You destroy destroy destroy destroy destroy destroy destroy destroy destroy destroy destroy Nothing left to destroy it, so... I'm on my way to the warmest items, but anyone! Hello, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I I'm on my way to the warmest items, but anyone! I'm not saying I'm going to lose. What's happening now? I'm going to get the map all in here. You're going to try to assume you get in court for trying to tell what happened to me because Somebody was asking for help. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I asked the question of somebody about what they might look for, well that's the bad thing now.silencesilence No, no, no, no, you're going for a long bit. You are living on borrowed time. You are living on borrowed time, you are living on borrowed time, you are living on borrowed time. that is printed on the book, it will be even more difficult because you don't know.XBOX SOUND No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no (dog barking) (screaming) (groaning) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) This isn't making spot. This isn't making spot. Silence Silence No, I don't have enough time to survive, it's really hard. I don't know, it's not that hard, it's not that hard. It's not that hard. Yeah, it's not like I did something, it's like I didn't function in security camera, but it's pretty sick, so I'll be really great motion. No, no, no, it's not functional, I'm not sure if I'm going to film, or I'm going to come forward.inaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING >> Good thing you're all. . . . SilenceINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING (sniffing) Silence Silence Music Singing It's not as if it's really easy to do.  I said, I'm a boy, you know, that's not what I mean   You know, that's not what I mean   You've got a lot to do, you can't say my name   You know, that's not what I mean   You can't say my name  Music Music Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Music Music Thank you. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (audience laughing) Music Silence Music Music Music Music Music >> Okay. Inaudible Remark Music Music Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected Background Sounds Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Music Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music >> Let's get you out of here. Background Sounds Silence Silence Music Background noise SilenceINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)  But my bad date with you is just...  (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Inaudible Remark Background Sounds I can't stop. (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) Pause Good chance. Inaudible RemarkMUSIC (laughing)Music Music MusicMusic MusicMusic Music Silence Silence Background Sounds Background Sounds SilencePausePausePause Music Silence Background noise Background Sounds Background Sounds Music Music MusicMUSIC Thank you very much.Speaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign languageSpeaking in foreign language (speaking in foreign language) We are now in the position of many people in the police department. This is a Portugal where 10 people were born. We are in a village town, three of them were born. The village was built by people from the University of Munich, 30 years old, 80 years old. It is clear that it can be done today. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) all that to work for many and to work with many of the public, and then we'll do a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of the "Tiboe Wencesen" book and a little bit of I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. I would like to be a scrawny matter. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC  She's my lady, the job   I've been far away   She's a good woman to drive you   No one would stop   If it only happened to you, you're out of sight   I've been far away from being a dream  (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (indistinct chatter) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) So much. (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) (audience laughing) Silence Silence Music >> It is too hot to see. MusicMUSIC Music Music Music Music Silence Thank you very much. Background Sounds Music Music Music (laughing) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusicMUSIC (audience laughing)MUSIC I still haven't seen it yet, so I'm still a little bit nervous.Music Music (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (chattering) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMUSIC Music Music MusicMusicMusic  And I'm sure my job is to make up your thoughts   But you won't make me feel the world   You're called to say that it's so much   You're called to say that it's so much   You're called to say that it's so much   I'm afraid of you MUSICMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSIC It's Joe. - Sure.MusicMUSICMUSICMusicMusicMusic Music MusicMusicMusic Music (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to try and get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little (sighs) (sighs) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audio Yeah, we're all up, but with the arm luck, it's just going to be a little bit more difficult. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Pausesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (coughing) (inaudible) (coughing) (clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'll talk to you later.sighssighsspeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languageINAUDIBLE (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't have time to talk and I don't If you have any questions, please leave a comment and let us know in the comments below. Thank you very much. That's one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen. (clicking sound) That's excellent. (clicking sound) (clicking sound)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Now it's going to be on the cello, I'll mark the cell in a little bit, press on Y.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudible (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (coughing) I'm talking to you now, you know what I'm talking about. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I don't know if you can see it, but it's completely constant, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not really, it's not arms and the tip. I'm going to put this in the action. I'm going to put this in the action. I'm going to put this in the action.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence I think I'm going to let him come around and he can't listen to all the channels he wants, and I think that he just wants to show him. I think I'm going to let him come around and let him come around.Pausesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to switch off. I'm not going to switch off. I'm going to switch off. I'm not going to switch off. I'm not going to switch off. I'm not going to switch off. I'm not going to switch off. I'm not going to switch off. I'm not going to switch off. I'm not going to switch off. I'm not going to switch off. I'm not going to switch off. I'm not going to switch off. Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence andno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible the I'll tell her. I don't want to talk about this. (claps) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detected >> May, we'll put it in here. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) Silence Silence That's so long, I've missed. Thank you very much for your time, and I'll see you next time. So, I'm going to get it out of here. Thank you very much. So I'll set exactly this one a little so you can see it.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSINAUDIBLE You are solving the practical problems. Change. Most of the content of our lunch. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughs)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePause There's a little portal. Comments are different. Not quite as quick to let you know. You You You You You Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm going to have to go out and listen to the sound of the door. (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, start building up that. Let's see what I'm doing. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.SilenceINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING We don't need to prepare for the next day, we need to prepare for the next day. I'm going to get there and I'm going to get this out of the door. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilenceMUSIC (snaps fingers)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence SilenceINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSIGHS I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected Silence Silence Silence Silence You too, man. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking)silence Silenceno audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audioinaudiblesilencesilencesilenceinaudibleINAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGMusicMusicMusic Inaudible Remarksilencesighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Do you wish now that I could have a great one? Do you want to do any pie-tock or going to your pie-tock? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,Music Yeah. We should have done it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. and I'll start up a little bit more trouble. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohsilenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence So, except for the other cells, there's a little bit of that, okay. Silence Pause Pause Pause Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilenceinhalessilencesilence If you think that's the only way to do that, it's not really physical, it's psychological, if you don't realize that you're sick, it's not very good, it's not very good. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll tell you so in the next videos. So hello, bye, Twillian. I'm Sydney.silencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLE Pause Pause I'm not comfortable, it's not very much as simple, but it's a very nice and all-stealer and it's a very clean and all-seater, very clean and all-seater (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not sure, but it's the... It's the same thing. Honestly, I'm not sure if it's the same thing. I can't work, so when I say "Malady", I'm not sure if it's the same thing. I can't really think of such a good idea. I'm not playing there.MusicMusicMusic We are talking for stuff to feel, to eat a piece of meat. I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going to use this one here, I'm going (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)MusicMusic and I'm going to do a lot of... ...in 3. Oh, the guitar. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence Silence I'm not going to stop this. I'm not going to stop this. (sniffing) (sniffing)Pausetyping soundMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSICMUSIC Background Sounds Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence >> I forgot the upper right, the upper right, the comic that has all the branches, everything, really everything, a good mix, a good substitute, a good substitute.inaudibleMusicMusicMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusicMusic It's a personal host of both of you. Thank you very much. (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, so you can write a little bit into being good, just doing this, it's hard time, it's easy, it's easy, it's easy, it's easy, it's easy, it's easy, it's easy, it's easy, it's I'm feeling a little... I'm feeling a little... I'm feeling a little... I'm feeling a little... I'm feeling a little... I'm feeling a little... I'm feeling a little... I'm feeling a little... I'm feeling a little... I'm feeling a little... Why not a separate log? We said by our support of the log star,INAUDIBLEMusic Pause and Love. Yeah. and also a sail. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.INAUDIBLEsilenceinaudible Background noise (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible Call my number, okay, okay, okay, okay, so that's not the number.silence More buzzer, mate. Hi.silence Hi.silencesilenceinaudible Silence Silence SilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Okay, okay, right now. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. One, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, five, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four Silence Silence Silencesilencehumming Music (click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, Thank you very much. I don't want to do that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence So, I'm going to start with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little So, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta, beta Silence Silenceno speech detected Thank you very much. You're a pilot with a basic basic basic pilot edit much a simple simple simple Hi edit come over you're past now I'll see you in the next video. I don't know what to do then why is you bend yourself to get some stuff, get the key niks niks niks and act as niks as stout and you what's next to me you have to admit that you have to admit that you have to admit that you have to admit that you have to admit that you have to admit that (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE and I think they're like, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no speech detected and something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something, or something,silencesilence What? This is outside. Bing, come here. Hmm. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. I'm going to put it in the box. What?MusicMusic Silence Silence I'll see you in the next video, bye bye.silencesilence PauseMUSICsilencesilence (clicking) (clicking)silence Ah, there's a scene here too. Ah. What? Thank you very much. >> And to me, it's the only thing I love.LAUGH (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) the .inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible SilenceinaudibleMusicMusicINAUDIBLE We are in the bar. Just a few more minutes or maybe we should come up. Thank you very much.silenceINAUDIBLE Silence Silence SilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSilenceinaudible So I'll just move to the other side. We'll ask this. They're adding us. Yeah, we're going up on this end.silencesilence >> Nothing around, girls. spell the results of... ...INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Let's take a look at the live also, the live also, it's not very simple to can read. Well, it's the built-in camera leaves. I'm going to have to move to the other one. I'm going to have to move to the other one. We'll see you guys in the next video. Silence >> There are more things. I think that's all there. I'll probably be in the middle of the circle. It's enough. You couldn't have sparse. What's the bottom of the shell? I burned all the cells to have. So there is. I'll see you next time. We're going to go in the same way. We're going in this, and I'm going to do a little bit more. A little bit more. A second. A little bit more. A little bit more. I'm going to do a little slow hair. I'm all too close. It's a really interesting moment. I'm all too close. I'm calling up, calling me up. Listen. Thank you, Mr. Bull. You're an asshole. I'm not going to school him.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't This works on plates, next things. Table of slots. I'm going to step down a bit. Just so you know.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE And then we'll just go to your handle and cut both marks.silence So...silence Calibration To any loss No, it's not Ohsilence Thank you all.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.no audio multipleno audiono audiono audiosilencesilence Silence Silence >> Chin. >> It's a shame I was here.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm still using records. I'll see you at my cell. Love me, love you, love you, and those who love you, love you. Thank you very much. Go over these, there we have it.silencesilence That's better.silencesilence We're going to enter it. Call it to me. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Close, close, close, close, close, close, close, close, close. I'm going to see those in the next video. I'm going to see those in the next video. You I'm going to see those in the next video. Move your silence. On and on. I'll connect. Let's cut this. Let's cut this. Let's...MusicMusic Go to the knife and you're needed. Thank you.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence And I think that's it. Get ready to go, so...Sighs Pause >> That's the E.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C. >> Yes, you can see. You can see. That's cool. Go girls.silencesilence Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusic (clicking) (sniffing)MUSIC I'm going to shoot some of them in here, you can't. I'm going to have a quick walk. I'm going to have a quick walk. I'm going to have a quick walk. I'm going to have a quick walk. I'm going to have a quick walk.Music Parties was right and foshy. It's a bit annoying. Ah, well. Ah, I love the nice, highly reactivative part I feel right and for shit. I'll try to keep it check. I'm going to start with a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bitsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceClears throat There's pretty much a guilty, yeah, very much. Can this be a shame? I'm going to take this, press the left, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the (laughing) That's going to work. (keyboard clicking) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table and I'm going to put it on the table (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Music SilenceMUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to use the red color. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Okay, now I'll stop it, and then we need to bottle it a bit nice, because I'm looking at it. Okay.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music >>Inaudible >>Inaudible Silence Background Sounds Thank you. Inaudible Music I feel like he is going to sell it for the lunch.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Well, I'll do it again. Let me help you guys. I can't live alone, I have been living alone for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping for so long, I've been sleeping Soveel is a hunch. All right, look at it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. You know what I'm saying? I need to add an album going to some of you to another album. I need... ...vention.no audiono audio Excellent. Hi, it's your turn. Thank you for watching. Thank you. or suffix and suffix. I don't need to get faster, I don't need to get faster, I don't need to get faster, I don't need to get faster, I don't need to get faster, I don't need to get faster, I don't need to getsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE This song is a bit better now, you know this song, it's all very nice. One, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three,silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to put it on the top right corner. Well, I should have designed it out a little bit. Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLE The handy torch cone. Really. Really you must stop doing them not in that cool flush. I just knocked it down and it ended up going.silencesilence Copy also It's the same thing in the rest of the row. This up. What's the line? I don't know, anyway, what's the problem?no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected We can find.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) - Can we not you, Helen? - Helen. - Helen.silencesilenceinaudible I'm not supposed to be in the most of the casinos. I'm not supposed to be in the most of the casinos.COUGH Silence next time we'll see you in the next video. I think that's the end of the video. I'll see you in the next video. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yeah, what? I don't know how to get shot on the other hand, I'm just going to try and kill it. I'm just going to do it. I'm just going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'll see you next time. I don't know if I have to do this or not, I don't know if I can do it or not. If you make me do it, then... I don't know if I can do it or not. I don't know if I can do it or not. I don't know if I can do it or not. I don't know if I can do it or not. I don't know if I can do it or not. I don't know if I can do it or not. I don't know if I can do it or not. I'm very happy I was able to end a couple of days. Mr. Mange. I'm going to send it to you. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. I'm going to use that right next to the name, so I'm going to take that on a picture. That's something I have to look at. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't get shit on my ass in that position, you know, it's a bit of a snap. It can't be good enough. You have to monitor the tape, it's a bit of a slip. I couldn't say that I'm trying, but I couldn't run out of time. What do you want to think about? I don't know. "Dino Dinn" for this note. I don't want to explain it to me. We want a note system, a note system, that everything is understood, everything is understood. "Dino Dinn" now. So, we have a little bit of an answer. Silence, out of town. Nehitalbital. She said, she signs, "Einfach zu bestehen." She says, "Einfach zu bestehen." She says, "Einfach zu bestehen." She says, "Einfach zu bestehen." She says, "Einfach zu bestehen." She says, "Einfach zu bestehen." She says, "Einfach zu bestehen." She says, "Einfach zu bestehen." She says, "Einfach zu bestehen." She says, "Einfach zu bestehen." She says, "Einfach zu bestehen." She says, "Einfach zu bestehen." because of all the distance we have from living through. Not only from the school, but also from the parents. Bye! And we'll want to start up the details here. Now, let's pull it to all of it. You can see that. This thing. (murmuring) Where does it goes? Control the algorithm. (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (murmuring) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) if is not okay yousilencesilence Silence SilenceMusic So, so, so, so, so. I don't know if I can tell you now that it's going to be a little late. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one.no audiono audiono audiono audio Silence Silence Silence SilenceSOUND (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Welcome to the next episode of the Livingston. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. Watch that. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) That's how you know to do that. You know, I've never been to the Sparrow and I've seen a top of him, so I'm not gonna cut him to the top of him. *laughs* The conductor moment of the process. No, I'm not really not really. I'm not gonna work any any more research on any of that. (laughs) (laughs) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)SighsSighsSighsSighsno speech detected That's all I can. I'm sorry that you were not allowed to use this guy. Like, he's not allowed to use this guy. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I don't know if it's an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8-shot video or an 8 (sighs) - I better not but you call my name, it's not you. (door slams) - Buff. It's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies, it's not just the art in the movies So, I'm going to put it in here, but if you make this much, I have to put it in here. So, I'm going to put it in here, but if you make this much, I have to put it in here. So, I'm going to put it in here, but if you make this much, I have to put it in here, but if you make this much, I have to put it in here. Silence Christmas party stop metal the day the man sound dude you can't have enough power for the balloons you can't have enough power for the balloonsinaudible I can't... I can't do so.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm goingsilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) Oh, excellent, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you And don't forget to sign here if you're not okay with this guy. Don't do all the other stuff. No, there's no place. Same here. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudible to get a hold of one minute. I'll be right back. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. the the y'all a shunga little people's crev- with me you know to change a bit.SighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Silence Silencesilenceinaudible It's not that something you ever think about.inaudiblesilenceinaudiblesilenceinaudibleinaudiblesilence I don't know if it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's not a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with you, but it's a good thing to be honest with place, the most holy place where anything is ever possible, where nobody can touch you. The worst, the best, the... Without any consequences, all of them, the light touch up strong, and then your own mind, I destroy this all the time, you're in my mind. That's what this is. We have to sacrifice this. Yes, we'll find an E2EQ work.silence Thanks for watching, and this is the map. You can talk about it. You know, you don't need something to start the map. Can we buy it? We have seats. The choice is empty, but we'll spend it. We'll have time to sit there. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. (coughing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Please go away. Action. Now, I call it. We need to leave. I'm going to have to change the direction of the need. If you really need it, I'll have to change the direction of the need. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. I'm still in the room.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)