[00:10:26.46] OneOdio FM1:	INAUDIBLE I don't know anyone, I'm not sure if I can do it, but I don't think so, and finally, it's time to get an indication of a content that I don't know who is.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, that's the reason, and the same, the same reason for what I'm thinking. because it's not very much more objective. I'm going to... I'm going to... Because it's a bit more here. It's a bit more internal. But why not? We're all going to be together.INAUDIBLESilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence So, I'm sure that some of you are already on the phone, and I'm sure that you are still on the phone.silencesilencesilence Silence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence SilenceFOREIGN very serious.MusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We'll be fine. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencePausePause the stars, the stars, the stars, the only thing that we continue to use is the fact that this must be valuable to understand what is said and the moment that we approach something that someone will tell us. So we have more than 10 minutes of the volume thing. Because it's a bit difficult to understand what it's all about, because it's already badly done. It's already... Why is it still doing that? You Yousilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected I'm going to chip him in.SilenceSilenceSilence So, I'm going to click "Share" and then click "Subscribe" and then click "Subscribe" So, I'm going to click "Subscribe" and then click "Subscribe" And then click "Subscribe" And then click "Subscribe" And then click "Subscribe" And then click "Subscribe" Silence Silence and Thank you very much for your time, and I'll see you next time. Yeah.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm Pause Pause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected I don't know what's going to happen to see me in the next video, so I'll see you in the next video. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to have to go to the next one. I'm going to have to go to the next one. I don't do what I could face which is what I'm supposed to do. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. So nice to have another dresser here, good, nice to have a new dresser here, which I'm going to be wearing. I'm going to be wearing a blue one here to prepare this cream, good thing from Sephora. Again, he said he needs to be here, he came for it, so I'm not feeling as much as I'm planning. So, I was in the most of the shots, Boris at this, Boris has modalities in this, oh, what was this, the rest too. So.silence That's just stupid. Okay, so if you don't want to do what you say or say what you know, whatever what it is, it's not saying anything. Silence Silencesilencesilencesilence (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) >> Good morning, Mr.silencesilenceno audiono audio I only know that I'm a fan. I don't think it's going to be in there as long as it's out there.no audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to take a little bit more time to do that.