[00:02:32.55] OneOdio FM1:	>>INAUDIBLE >> That's all, man. I'll see you next time. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.no audiosilence (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) That's all the art of this. Another artist. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Okay. Okay. Okay.no audio Thank you very much for your time, see you next time. Thank you very much, see you next time, see you next time.silencesilence What does this sound like? I mean, I created this bandage arm. a single name. This is what I'm going to make myself to listen to more of this. I'll just respond by them. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. This sounds embarrassing for you. I love you a lot.MusicMusic command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we break the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to be shown to receive our watch at all and if we broke the command to receive our watch at all and ifPausesilence You know, it's always straight to make a point of the same decision, okay? And that's what it may need. It's higher than one decision. I still have that I should otherwise be more afraid of, but that doesn't quite go over the edge of the stick. If you know the dars, by saying it's something you, or in general, then you're not here. The lars just talked to you, and if you know the dars, it's all there. So something I have not there in, whatever, my sense. Maybe it's the fact that I'm not perplexing or pronouncing or maybe it's the fact that I'm not speaking out loud. Okay, same work. So, interesting, much, I grabbed the product from this, and I'm going to put it in the a bit closer to these kind of things. I wish this would be a part of me. This question I'm bringing.silence Silence >> Could I remind you about this, or on? Silence You can also build anything on anybody, but you can use that as a rotation if not the person on the strong. That's, that's what it's like, almost what it's about, religion that tells you to kill people, you know, like I know, probably not the right.no audiono audio Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedinaudible Silence Silence bolt it on and on it. . . Silence Yes. Silence We can't allow any force to clean this to fall on the floor, but we can shade it. Thank you for watching.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I guess what I will set to move further into the next step. So, of course, you don't need to worry about thinking that's the set. So, you're going to have to worry about thinking that's the set. So, you're going to have to worry about thinking that's the set. So, you're going to have to worry about thinking that's the set. >> Hello, I'm from the West, from Columbia. I'm going to press on the post. I'm going to press on the post. I'm going to press on the post. I'm going to press on the post. I'm going to press on the post. I'm going to press on the post. I'm going to have you stay with me. I'm going to have you stay with me. I'm going to have you stay with me. I'm going to have you stay with me.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence So, you don't know how to complete that, you know, it's easy, you know, it's all except the end events, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it's easy, you know, it'ssilence Nice, very good journals. I would never stone the other cold letters of TV and the states, but... I'll move them down. Let me show them a malicious... Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,Clapping Silence Silence I'm going to put it in the description below, and I'm going to put it in the description below. I'm going to put it in the description below. I'm going to put it in the description below.silenceinaudible I'm going to push it. Push it.inaudible Silence Silence >> Here is the status box where we sit down when I come to you. >>INAUDIBLE I don't know if it's the right way to do it, but I think it's the right way to do it. Silence Okay, very nice. Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected This is OK. This is OK. This is OK, and this is the end of the video.PausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudible (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) Thanks again, and we can go off, spin them, and then we can pass, and then pass, and then pass, and we can pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then pass, and then passno speech detected We will now link minutes, okay, and we will see you in my next video. I'm going to see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the nextinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible It's new miles. It's new miles. It's new miles. It's new miles. It's new miles. It's new miles. It's new miles. It's new miles. It's new miles. It's new miles. It's new miles.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause So, what do you want to say to your parents and your parents? And tell them to yourself, maybe they need it, and I'm sorry. I'm sorry to let you speak to me. What people say to you? This vote was so bad, I can't wait to hear from someone. You know how to throw all of the names? You know, you can't win a much of all of the times.Music Silence Silencesilenceinaudible So that's in the time, since we're done.INAUDIBLE This is the city that we're going to have cats and more. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door)no audiono audio Background noise Background noise to allow them to construct a romanticist, a buswisk or a wedding in a romantic, in the case of a girl or a woman. It's not a mess. It's not a mess, it's a mess, it's a mess.silencesilenceno speech detected Silence I'm going to check it out now, I'm going to check it out now, I'm going to check it out now. It's not a nice thing, but I'm going to check it out now, I'm going to check it out now, I'm going to check it out now. I'll call to you later, I'll see you at the next one. I don't think that it's the only thing that I'm going to think about. I'm not sure if I'm correct, but I'm not sure if it's the only thing that I'm going to think about. I'm not sure if it's the only thing that I'm going to think about. I'm not sure if it's the only thing that I'm going to think about. I'm not sure if it's the only thing that I'm going to think about. I'm not sure if it's the only thing that I'm going to think about. I'm not sure if it's the only thing that I'm going to think about. I'm not sure if it's the only thing that I'm going to think about. I'm not sure if it's the only thing that I'm going to think about. Please be here for me or not for me. Nobody does. Please be here. Thank you very much. Silence >> Well, the other ten is exactly what we are going to see. It's very tough to answer. So, do you have any suggestions for more to me? Silence to the bench for the men on staff, we found me to the 120th, me on staff there. What is actually important come. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Well, I think there's the rules on how to do my paper best. That's what's going on in the third round. Yeah, yeah, that was all worth. But it's a new paper. It's your email as well. Thank you. I'll stand for a bit. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilence Spenna, come on out for a student, come on. It's a bit of a hassle. So, we have a lot of talent in competencies for all of us, and we wanted to show a lot of the competencies. So, we have a lot of talent for all of us, and we wanted to show a lot of the competencies for all of us. So, we wanted to show a lot of the competencies for all of us. So, we wanted to show a lot of the competencies for all of us. So, we wanted to show a lot of the competencies for all of us. So, we wanted to show a lot of the competencies for all of us. So, we wanted to show a lot of the competencies for all of us. So, we wanted to show a lot of the competencies for all of us. So, we wanted to show a lot of the competencies for all of us. Silence Yeah, I'm going to put some of my laptop back, so I'm just going to put it in the lead of my laptop, so I'm going to put it in the lead of my laptop.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceinaudibleinaudible even if I'm obsessed with those things. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it.silenceinaudible Wow, look at this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence SilenceSilence Excellent job.Silence (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And what's the thing? What is the key to this? If you go to the last stage, then you can get to the next stage. If you go to the last stage, you can get to the last stage. This is your last stage. This is your last stage. This is your last stage. This is your last stage. This is your last stage.MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ No matter how tough it is ♪ ♪ I'm not sure if it's fair ♪ ♪ Oh, I'd be capped with too many feet ♪ ♪ We'd stand by spitting the door ♪ ♪ I'd be capped with plenty ♪ ♪ We'd be knocked out, so got to leave ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMUSICMUSICMUSIC ♪ And once again I'll be here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, You scream big, but you don't bless me, I'm watching you do that for you, you don't want but for us now, with the untanable size of your age. Oh, just, actually, there's only a little bit of this. Yes, Sunday at Larkes, or just soon. You scream so much, scream big. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) - Thanks, Angela. (speaking in foreign language) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (indistinct chatter)MusicMusicMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC Music (speaking in foreign language) Music >> Thanks, Angel. I would like to leave a little bit of the discussion directly to the public, but I would like to open up my relationship with the government. I would also like to thank the government for giving us the opportunity to talk with the partners and we have a lot of time. At the moment, we are ready to make our connection to the climate and the right to the climate. It is extremely important that we do not want to be able to establish the climate. I think it's true that what I'm doing is not good enough. I've always commented on everything and wanted to do something like that, and then I said that I was going to make it up to you, and then I said, "Yeah, Lucy, you're right, I'm going to make it up to you, so I know what's going to be going on." It was really stupid. I'm still in a relationship, and I can't remember what I was going to do. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Now, I understand that they have a very high level of oxygen, and there are more than a few other elements. They are very high level of oxygen, and they are very low level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high level of oxygen, and they are very high So, I think it's not good to have oxygen in your body, but to have oxygen in your body, so that you can feel that your body is not good enough. If you have a hearing aid, you can find a lot of information. It is a very important thing to do in a toxic relationship. It is a very important thing to do in a toxic relationship. It is a very important thing to do in a toxic relationship. It is a very important thing to do in a toxic relationship. It is a very important thing to do in a toxic relationship. It is a very important thing to do in a toxic relationship. It is a very important thing to do in a toxic relationship. It is a very important thing to do in a toxic relationship. It is a very important thing to do in a toxic relationship. It is a very important thing to do in a toxic relationship. I have to go to the right, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I can't go forward, I I think that's the last part of the line, because it's the last part of the show we've had and we heard it. So yeah, the topic is the relation, but the question is, who is your school, who is your realmate? I think it's more about Johnny, but I think it's more about the other group. Well, okay, it's the end, Johnny, now. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't understand what you're talking about, but I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking about, I don't understand what you're talking I don't know if it's toxic or something, but it's actually a human being. Yes, of course it's a human being who has a lot of people. They have a lot of social people, they have a lot of psychopaths. They have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have They have a lot of social people, they have a lot of psychopaths, they have a lot of psychopaths. in some sort of the other de-slices in our bovhouse.speaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language and the vaccine for updating the form. If they will attack things up on the paper, that is.., and I'm very happy to be here with you. I'm very happy to be here with you. To be here with you, I'm not the only one who's been here for a long time. But well, I think if I'm going to be here with you, I'm going to be there. I'm not the only one who's been here for a long time, and that's a very interesting way to get to know each other. Because it's very hard for me to get to know each other, and that's what we're doing at the same time, and we're doing the same thing at the same time, and we're doing the same thing at the same time, and we're doing the same thing at the same time, and we're doing the same thing at the same time, and we're doing the same thing at the same time, and we're doing the same thing at the same time, and we're doing the same thing at the same time, and we're doing the same thing at the same time, and we're doing the same thing at the same time, and we're doing the same thing at the same time. How about you, as well? You know, as Amber, you have a lot of more children than you have, more than a few children, and there are people who don't have sex with you. Yes, because there are many people who have a lot of sex with you, and I don't have a lot of children, because I have a lot of kids. I don't have a lot of children, because I have a lot of children, because I have a lot of kids. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) You are supposed to speak in the open, that's not from the bathroom, that's not from the bathroom, and when you speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can also speak in the open, you can And by the time you speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open, you can speak in the open I don't want to talk to you about that. Because I don't want to talk to you about that. Because I don't want to talk to you about that. Because I don't want to talk to you about that. Because I don't want to talk to you about that. Because I don't want to talk to you about that. Because I don't want to talk to you about that. Because I don't want to talk to you about that. Because I don't want to talk to you about that. Because I don't want to talk to you about that. Because I don't want to talk to you about that. Yeah, and I can love that that's meant to be an intoxicant and a kind of dynamic, but I can't really tell if I'm in the right position. (speaking in foreign language) I think it's more like the dynamic that's going on for two years. What do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what do you see or what I think it's more like the dynamic that's going on for two years. I believe that the Opel's work can be, but I really have to see it from the very beginning, and it's also that the work that we see in the toxic areas that we call the work is very difficult, and very difficult to make and very difficult to make, and we now have such a lot of Hel-Copples. In the future business, we will also be doing business in the future. The email is there and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun to find out about the email and it's a lot of fun syndrome that this is a glowing.Music I'm not a family, I'm too kind of real, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a family, I'm too real, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm too real, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusicMusic Music Music >> He didn't show the next Angela. MusicMusicMusicMUSICMUSIC MusicMUSICINAUDIBLE Musicinaudibleinaudible I'm going to finish with more from boy and they're just for more than 1 more than we have done. I'm going to finish with more than 1 more than we have done.FOREIGN Oh, there's something special about that.silencesilencesilencesilence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (knocking on door) Yeah, well, call the Peninsula top. Yeah. We'll be only in Qtics, though. Yeah. As you're going to bounce back on the net, I'm manifesting in this. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. Silence SilenceMusic So it's not far up, it's not left just here, the edge off, the machine, not on it. If you're seven, it won't just be one of these simple, probably two. It's probably the slab from one of the next areas, so, two there and a half. You have to cut this thing with a slab heel to it, it's great, you know. Silence I'm going to go to the map with the inconsequentials. I'm going to go to the map with the inconsequentials.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Inaudible Remark Next, I'll go to the next one. Thank you for watching. You Thank you for watching.inaudibleinaudible Moves to the upper left, left, towards the end of the road.silencesilenceSilence Almost sympathetic.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceinaudibleinaudible I'm going to go to the other room and I'll come in. I'm going to go to the other room and I'll come in.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to put some tape on it. Silence So take the events and see what the theme of the tour will come out of it, which is what the name is. The money that you have in your wallet is the effort to make it.silencesilencesilence Thank you. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorryinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I don't know in your world already but in all of you, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything, I don't know anything I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry See you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you in the next video, see you I'm gonna go up to point, all those on the edge. Okay. >> You have to note that it had to be all of it. >> The two of you are going in next to me as far as the camera and the camera, and the same with you up to the part is the normal here and the right. So, in the right is the right now. So, you have to turn the other side. So, you have to see the details, and the part is the little part. So, this looks normal, happy as well. So, you have to turn the other side. So, you have to turn the other side. So, you have to turn the other side.INAUDIBLE So for all the bituring to what the thing is, we're going to need to take out this, like this sound electronics phone. Just let it all set, I think. All of you are in there, I have just seen. Silence Silence So, this is the first time I have done this, this is the first time I have done this, The rest is seen asunder. Okay, turn on the switch. Thank you. Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence But so many things have been a mystery Confirmation Respect for this respect Before we respect them We need to respect Because the best thing we respect For our life For something elseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilenceinaudiblesilence So, experience is made at rest of the day. Silence Silence Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah So we know that my work is at the cover for our little dishes enough to get a bit of the good, with indicate touch of the swim. This is a real thing. personal, deep-figures, other ones, and you know, it's not where you also need to list for sentences and so on.silence Silence Silence the .silenceinaudible No, that's fine, it's all so good. Why would you not say the plies are only one chance to meet with the top of the concept? Unless you have a chance and you'll go with it. Then you're so done with the enemy.Silence I couldn't have had no conversation. I didn't even believe in the very other way. the beginning of the reddish face, the bit first shadow into two six volume areas, with this sort of, you put popping up almost the immersion from the no-worldly piece of it, and then there's a dog with a conversation of what they were doing. So during that period I was trying to let the team, so this just makes sense, so I kind of need to be the consequence of how we will change the side of the team. I hope this tried to find a reason why it couldn't be pushed to be pushed to be good, and I couldn't find it, and I'm going to take the time off to run, and there's this August 11th. up top. There's a lot of the commons if I don't you see the bullet, I don't see the bullet, it shits me out and I was like, oh no, I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm just disappointments for I came up with a reason why it's about that evening. Yes. I don't mean there were other people that were popping up, there was more of a community of people coming to this, but they never said anything. So we're less to imagine, we'll tell you, let's face it, we don't understand.silenceclears throat So I've been on the pressify that's mainly of telepathy, but I've been pressify to such 2018.silence