[00:02:00.01] OneOdio FM1:	Thank you. Silence Silence (laughing) - Oh, man. - Good. (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking)no audiono audiono audio Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Pause Pause Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (keyboard clicking) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.SOUNDINAUDIBLE (grunts) (sniffing) (sniffing) (mimicking) (sniffing) (mimicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (mimicking) (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence SilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausesilencesilence Silence and Thank you very much. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence SilenceClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throat (clicking) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence) (silence)silencespeaking in foreign language >> Come on, I'm cold. >> Do you guys? >> I said, I'll see. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audiono audio Yeah, I'll do that. Yeah, I'll do that. Yeah. Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesniffing (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) Silence >>Inaudible Okay, let's see, what's that sound on the bottom?silencesilence It does some nice stuff. I'm going to put it in the box. You I'm going to put it in the box.INAUDIBLE I'm going to add a little bit more. I'm going to add a little bit more. I'm going to add a little bit more. I'm going to add a little bit more. Christian Edelmeito, but that's all so yeah. That's all I want. Here I can be the one who wants to get you to see more of you. That's all I want. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno audio Pause Pause Pause Pause So if you need any progress, it will not be good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Pause Pause Pause So, here, let's just zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in and zoom in (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (speaking in foreign language) I'll call all of these sounds. No, this page is correct, so I'll show you how to do it. I'll show you how to do it. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) couple of large budgets Not if someone is really involved in this, I don't know if that's right. I'll put it in the top right corner and then... I'm not starting. I'm starting.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) This is the last one, oh yeah. Hold that little thing. You can't wake up, you have to wake up, and you have to stay up for the sleep. That's the end of the week. That's the end of the week. You can't go to the computer, you can't go to the computer, you can't go to the computer. this.silence Does anyone else sit out?silenceSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Why don't you get out of the house? Why are you so sad? It was so sad. I think it's because I heard that there were people who came to see me. I heard that there were people who came to see me. Watch it to the bottom, confirm it. Let it be stayed in the switchboard to clear the hole in this.silence Silence SilenceSilence or TV that's a total of... I'll sell that door for a few days. What worth your museum, or if that could do it, but it's a living here. What should I do, I'm joking.silence Silence Silence I should have a little bit of a need to solve this, but I'll go ahead and follow up with a bit of time, I don't know. I'm going to start that.silence Now I came up to bend the keypad. I'm not sure if I can do that because I'm not going to be able to create it. I'm not sure if I can do that because I'm not going to be able to do that because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it because I'm not going to be able to create it I'm not sure if I can do that because I'm not sure if I can do that because I'm not sure if I can do that. and that's what I'm interested in. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. This is the moment. Silence Silence I'm going to start with the first round of the round. I'm going to start with the first round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round I'm going to start with the first round of the round. I'll ask you so it's all as an alush, but help. I'll mail some info to the unit. Two pinning.silencesilencesilence Silence Yes, that's good. I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to try that again, I'm going to try that again, I'm going to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have to try that again, I'm going to have but that you might need a 10 or 10 or 10 of them to be seen. Take so much colors, baked, and when you go out, you can't see. So you might need a little bit of light. So that you can go out. Shit. What's wrong? I'm going to put it on the other side of my computer. I'm going to put it on the other side of my computer. I'm going to put it on the other side of my computer. I'm going to put it on the other side of my computer. I'm going to put it on the other side of my computer. I'm going to put it on the other side of my computer. I'm going to put it on the other side of my computer. I'm going to put it on the other side of my computer. I'm going to put it on the other side of my computer. I'm going to put it on the other side of my computer.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMusicMusicMusic Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to start with the line on the assumption of some sort.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to read a little bit of the video, I'm going to read a little bit of the video. I'm going to read a little bit of the video. I'm going to read a little bit of the video. I'm going to read a little bit of the video. I'm going to read a little bit of the video.MusicMusic I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know There is no soul, another which... I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. There is no soul, another which... There is no soul, another which... I couldn't feel that I had a bad feeling about it. I was like, "What is this?" I think it's like a class speaker show on it. I don't know if it's possible. I don't know, I don't know how to do it, but I'll do it later. I'll just be sure to play for a while and then I'll see you later. I don't know, I don't know how to be sure. I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is going to do next, I'm going to ask him what he is I don't think I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't think I'm going to be able to do this. I don't think I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't think I'm going to be able to do this. So this is the new container. I'm thinking we're gonna need half to the key. I'll follow the mouse out here. So, what do I need to do to let him live now? I'm just going to move on. Okay, I'm going to add a little bit more, I'm going to add a little bit more. I'm going to add a little bit more, I'm going to add a little bit more. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to do a little once again this one, come on, I'm going to start this one. 20/10 for this, let me see this now. Thank you very much for your time. (sniff) Thank you very much for your time.silencesilence I have something to say to my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and my friends and No? Do it so with all this. Tell them that I'm not off. I'm not going to let the shader... I don't know where you're going to get tonight, but I don't think I'm going to get on that center. I'm going to get on that center. I'm going to get on that center. I'm going to get on that center. I'm going to get on that center. I'm going to get on that center. I'm going to get on that center. I'm going to get on that center. Silence Silence And the length, and the length, and the length. I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do it, I'm going to do the best I can to do I'll see you in the next one. Thanks very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (snaps fingers)silence Music, that's not sure how to do it.silence Okay, I think it's the piece that we got so soon, so I'll see you next time. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We're on the same note, but I probably might some day be. If you take the carburetor and I'll end all down on my data, it's absolutely all the opposite. Find you feel all the events that come up, and I'll go ahead and go.MUSIC Thank you. I'm going to talk to you later. I'm going to search. I don't know what I'm doing here. I don't know what I'm doing here. I don't know what I'm doing here. I don't know what I'm doing here. I don't know what I'm doing here. I don't know what I'm doing here. Yo, what else? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) We'll not say that we can't do the same.silencespeaking in foreign languageINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE to release them on 9 and then carry it up. I'm all so drunk in the life. I still don't think I'm gonna go to the car after that. I'm so drunk in the house. Maybe I'll run.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (speaking in foreign language) I'm so glad you're here. My bed is fantastic. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. Thank you. I'm so glad you're here.Music So here is my other information. I think that if you have a different time limit, then you have to have a different time limit. I'm not sure if it's because of the normal aircon from the outside. So I think that you know this is a serious one, and you have to make sure that you don't mess with the inner seats. You don't have to sit in the inside. I'm not sure.PausePausePausePausePauseinaudible Silence Silence Well, you can see that it's not too early now, right? Thank you very much. You Thank you very much.MusicMusicMusicMusic Thank you. and then we'll be providing those things for the community that we consider as part of the team.Pause Thank you.MusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Okay, that's it. Okay, pause. We'll look at it.MusicMusic You're going to continue this. You're going to continue this. Silence SilencePausePausePauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE That's impossible. I don't know if he's going to win or not. I don't know if he's going to win or not. I don't know if he's going to win or not. I don't know if he's going to win or not. I don't know if he's going to win or not. Thank you for watching. There are some more spasms here. Thanks for watching. I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time, I'm going to do that with all the time (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) So, what happened to the effects of this? I don't know what happened, but I think it happened to me. What happened?PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseCOUGHMUSIC Inaudible Remark Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) any further? I'll zoom in and see if I can see the sun. I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going to talk to you later, I'm going I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not sure if that's the right one, but I'm not Not here, not here. Thanks for watching. You You Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. So, we will need to let this go, so it will not be too late, so it will be too late.silencesilencesilence No, no, you can be seen, let's see if that... ...more on... ...sugar class 3, 100, this here, let me just see.silence And that's great to be able to watch out for those of you who want to see it.silencesilenceINAUDIBLESOUND I don't have any team ed act, I just felt you are the punching bag and you will die because you are only the punching bag. I know there is 10 and 7 in. There is no bones. Okay, wait. Okay. Okay. Okay. Silence I'll see you in a little bit first, bug. There's no chance it doesn't need to be first. Thank you for watching. I'm going to have to go by by. Try it, and then work on the meat. Try it. I'll be there when I want to teach how to do it, okay? And sometimes it's an idea of how to write all that sort of stuff. I love doing it. That's right. >> She maybe has a good thing, I don't. too. I'm going to call it on my own to that. I'm just going to see if you know some job is here. Thank you.Music Well, these eights have to go to the other side. I think Marina is a world that can read opposites.snifflessighssnifflessnifflessniffles >> It makes a large noise. (coughing) - One of the first problems. - Yeah, one of the catch-a-ding. I don't know what you're doing, I'm just going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'm going to put it in here and I'minaudible But I still don't know what's happening.inaudible Most of the time, I'm in the way. I don't know what to say, but it's not a big deal. It's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it's not a big deal, but it I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but it's not a big deal. I'm going to go up and ask for a new 50. I'll see you in the next video. Bye. Leave a like and subscribe. See you in the next video. Bye. Bye. Pause PausePausePausePause get common to telecom. In telecom there is the sim and there is a lot of data. We will set it to snown out. snown. We will set the smaller ones. I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. No, I don't know what's the soundless. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)PausePause I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers, I don't want to test my end up markers Then this is also the radio tower of the old 20th century. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't want to have it all in the morning. Bro... I have to say this for now. I don't want to have it all in the morning. I don't want to have it all in the morning. (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs)no audio (clicking sound) (clicking sound) (coughing) So we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17, so we are 17 Oh, I've got the problem with the spider. Oh, I've got the problem with the spider.MusicPausePause I don't know what it is, because I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but I don'tINAUDIBLE I think the police are tough. Papi vaches are bad things. They're sick and they're sick. They're not so bad. I'm fortunate to have them in the kitchen. They're not so bad. They're trying on their seats. They're not cool. They're not cool. They're not cool. I'm a shim. So, let's go. Okay, I'll talk to her.Clock tickingClock ticking (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Well, you'll see there's a little bit of the rest of it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pause Silence Silenceno audiono audiono audio You know what the max is all about, I don't know what the manual is all about, I just don't know what it's about. I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it's about, I just don't know what it You know what the max is all about, I don't know what it's all about, I just don't know what it's all about, I just don't know what it's all about, I just don't know what it's all about, I just don't know what it's all about, I just don't know what it's all about, yeah.silenceno audiono audioCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGCAMERA CLICKINGsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence SilenceMUSIC (sighs) (sighs) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Silence >> Oh no. Silence Silence Silence Silence (dog barks) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to say a little bit about how many of you are watching this video, but I'm not going to say a little bit about how many of you are watching this video, but I'm not going to say a little bit about how many of you are watching this video, but I'm not going to say a little bit about how many of you are watching this video, but I'm not going to say a little bit about how many of you are watching this video, but I'm not going to say a little bit about how many of you are watching this video, but I'm not going to say a little bit about how many of you are watching this video, but I'm not going to say a little bit about how many of you are watching this video, but I'm not going to say a little bit about how many of you are watching this video, but I'm not going to say a little bit about how many of you are watching this video, but I'm not going to say a little bit about how many of you are watching this video, butPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence (cow mooing) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going to put it in here, I'm going So I can't voice any of your mess. So I can't even search the voice. Neither of us go into you. Thank you very much for that. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detected (laughs) (gasps) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (mimicking sound) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) I cut that up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, (mimicking the sound of the door) Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah (mimicking the sound of the door)Music (sniffing) (mimicking) (mimicking) (mimicking)inaudible Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blahMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)MusicMusicMusic Oh, good boy, good boy, good boy, good boy, good boy, good boy. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Hmm. Hmm. Kaka kaka kakaKaka Kaka kaka kakaKakaKakaKakaKakaKaka (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusicMusicMusic (groaning) (groaning) (groaning) (clears throat) (knocks on door) You can see that I'm doing a lot of work. I don't know how many of them are going to be cut out if I do this. *sniff* *laughs* I don't know if you're going to be able to do this or not. *sniff* I don't know if you're going to be able to do this or not. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff*silencesilenceMUSICINAUDIBLEMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (sighs) (keyboard clicking)MUSICSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighSighMUSIC (mimics music) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audioSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Background noise >> So, I need to call my author. >> I'm on the screen. Silence So, if you have a connection to power like this. to the end and I will drop it and then we call your transfer the official name that's it for the bug of course it's all good That one of those is not true because you don't want to be in sets in case somebody But here's an over here. So this is something else again. Thank you for watching. You You You And then you go for it to get the burn and then write it for you in the generator step and then it's going to be all worked. Thank you. So, how do you get a list if it is like that? And there are three structures that are so it's the most categorized in the templates. It's got around to say 5,000 types of templates, and there's such a structure starting at 5 categories and there are variables. How do you do this in your brain? This fee is for you and your head, that's for you and the last part of the fee. Thank you for your time. You Thank you for your time. So why why don't you have something that you can always confirm that what you thought as a comment. It's actually what it for this little sense, is that not more handy? Yeah, you have it on your monitor, I mean the physical monitor, like a TV, is put longer, and not a sort of tert, tert, like all the tert TV out there, it makes you two other two eyes. Yeah. But now it's not in the 30 years is what I imagine as a Visual stuff because I don't want to look at the visual things There's all your retroconvision And so say you You You Just a little quicker as well, you don't have to double check your thinking, anyway, the whole idea is bad idea, so I'm just saying... If you don't question yourself, if you don't doubt everything, if you don't, why did I do this? Or did I not forget this, two seconds ago? You have to have a kind of a, yeah, this stuff, stuff in the US. The rest of commands, history, command history or something. Then you can scroll back as you... Okay, I do this already and I'll solve. God would be better understanding. Why? But the quality is so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so but they didn't got rid of it. It's so unrevailable, or is it? Try not to say that if you could hear your stuff here. Yes, or it's required to use CPI MySync structure which is not a lot to be used for let's say add on the plugins or apps. So I saw the high quality visuals during the beginning of the NFT with the faces of the song. I needed the meta-operating so we're all similar high quality. I'm not sure if I should set it up, but the faces in the overhead reality were very good quality, it was really impressive, but that you never have. That I anymore. So I said, but maybe let me do it, come on in, come on in. You can see it. Okay, who else see this one? Oh, Kakala, please. I just need to go online, but don't. I've cocaine it from me. Well, I'll try to go by. I'll try. Yeah, you are not in this Now you're in another individuality You're telling yourself You're not quite Well, I think two or three or two person know but it's an immersion in visual You're not gonna speak since So let me... Let's press... (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) But where is this really? Is this really going to go? Totally no. Why am I lying? are you lying? so then why are you trying to convince me of your lie when I somebody call it out? no I will not join into your roleplay bullshit and lies if you lie, part you dies, lying is a waste of time Stop this. Try to be a nice person to talk. So who are you? be sure to install all of us. Why are you hungry?silence Yes, you are. You saw it, I knew it. Maybe this is another QAPI, any course to speak, maybe the coercion of giving this stress angry vibe. You sound angry. Silence You have your own voice, then you have all these double flash gadgets, and then you want to use another human being for the same purpose. Don't you become choice wrong just by choosing how to hide or fake your own. First of all, it's the invoice, so you can just sign.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Silence Silence I'm on the loss, I can't else. I'll explain the same thing two hundred times in two days and then get the same question also again. You should know where you should ask somebody who knows. Thank you very much for your time.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.