[00:00:00.32] OneOdio FM1:	Oh, that's sad. No, no, you should come on in the end. No, no, no. No, no, no. (sniffing) (sniffing)POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesighs Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I don't know what I'm going to do with it, but I don't know. I don't know what I'm going to do with it, but I don't know what I'm going to do with it. You I don't know what I'm going to do with it. So slow, so slow.Music playingMusic playing (sighs) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to add a little bit more of this to make it look like a little bit more like a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) Come on.inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausesilencesilencecoughingsilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silence I'll see you later.no audiono audiono audio Silence I don't care, I don't know what's going on in here. I don't know what's going on in here. You're slapping another contest, don't you? I think that I need the darkness to look at the sky. I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, but I'm going to do my students well, But this is what I have in my mind. I'm not doing this thing. I'm probably doing this just on my own. I'm going to be in your room. I'm going to be in your room.silence I don't know what it is. It's like a mother. A bit too close. I don't know what it is, but it's just for me. Or man. and the ball on both sides, if it's the first time I've ever had a win in the battle, so it's... ...Same kind of thing. I've never had a win in the past, I've never seen it. See you for the last one. *snap* *snap* *snap* So let's go back to the first one. As you can see, I'm going to go to the next one. J. OK. Go to the next one. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) No, that's mean, then you already know what you're gonna do with this north of Sero. It means that there's no particularity I need for. (sniffing) (sniffing) So it's in that another instance, that has a notion of closet, that's not quite a scenario, it stops through. You need to go back to zero. Though I launch this thing anyway, you're gonna screw it up even more than you think you again have something. There's no link between dolls, consciousness and epilepsy in life. That does not exist. It's not. Silence Silence I'm going to turn it over to the end of the video. Thanks for the extra fuel roll. Thanks for the extra fuel roll. Thanks for the extra fuel roll. *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff*MusicMusicMusic but bear but man good bye emotions but this is but If you want to see that, as I said, it's a dream. Maybe it's a dream, a dream, a dream, a dream, a dream. When I think about it, I feel it. I feel it, I feel it. Because it's a dream. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) more for that piece. Today I will prepare only when I am not hungry. I will leave you something to do. You can even use it. You can also use it as well. We can feel it. It is very important that you do not let it go. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do, and that!PausePausePausePausePausePauseCLICKPausePausesilencesilenceno audiono audiono audioinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to go back to the shop. That's it. Thank you. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. Oh, this is the desk you're talking about. I don't know how to do it. (indistinct) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll see you in the next video.silencesilence (speaking in foreign language) What's wrong with you? I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I want to make a beautiful wine. Everything and a beautiful, you take back and make more of some, some, but I will all I always see more ugly summer and I will always see more beautiful summer. More than you can make more, more, more knowledge for more. More, more, more. It was time for me. There are always more. Back to my importance.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) I will kill myself. I will have a suicide. I have to be a suicide. I have already 15 years of suicide in my life. Everything is worth it. 5, 5, 5, 5. But you can't lend me.CLICK So please, could you please could do something?CLICK Please, you need to please say something.CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK Oh, I'm really worried about this, you know. That's what I'm going to be. I'm going to make some room. Next one. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Let's see it comes out. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? to want to build a market for shoes, boots, and my t-shirts. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silence Silence >> No, no. >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what to do with this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not sure if I can do it with this one or this one, but I'm not Let's see how it looks. I'm sure we'll see. I'll see you in the next one. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. (snaps) (snaps) (snaps) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) SoMusic (upbeat music)MUSICBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirping the video. You can go up and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and down and (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking) Come here. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Not all wanted, but we are willing, table, and then impossible, and there's still a line. You'll be completely right.MusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusicMusic (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know what to do with you, Kakan.SighSqueakSqueakSqueaksilencesilencesilencespeaking in foreign languagesilence