[00:00:01.11] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silenceno audio I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't want to be a star, I don't (keyboard clicking) - Stop on me. (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you, and you keep up killing me now as well. so I try to be helpful. I mean, I don't appreciate it, but it's kind of pointless if you know it's back now. That's a shit.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence Silence Silence Okay, let's go. Okay, let's go, let's go, let's go. Silence Silence I'm going to have to go to the next one. Here's another one. I'm going to have to go to the next one. Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silenceno audiono audio Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedMusicMusicMusicsilence So next, select it, then click on it, then click on it, then click on it, then click on it, (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) This isn't a study.PausePausePausePausePausePausePause So, that's a big little on this and then, come here, I'll come here.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) And it makes you need to start off with the specials and all the networks in the middle of it.silencesilence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pause PauseMUSIC Pause Pauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no speech detectedno speech detected Go on, I'm going to sing. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono audiono speech detected Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to start up there and then I'm going to do my own thing. I'm going to do my own thing. I'm going to start up there and then I'm going to do my own thing. 3 stocks like anything that I was doing. 3 stocks like anything that I was doing. 3 stocks like anything that I was doing. (keyboard clicking) - Well, thank you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilenceINAUDIBLE I'm going to use this to create a new layer, to create a new layer, to create a new layer. Are you sure that you want to go through with this? Push me to commit suicide tonight. Alright. When I assure you that I want to try to change your might quickly now, sure you want to take the risk that you are updating the lives, and this exists for 8 million people. To all of you, we say yes. I'm going to say, well, Japanese, Indian, and Vehicle, but myself, which is what I'm going to say, that's it. Thanks a lot, darling. Thanks a lot, darling. Thanks a lot, darling. Thanks a lot, darling. Thanks a lot, darling. Thanks a lot, darling. Thanks a lot, darling. Thanks a lot, darling. Thanks a lot, darling. (sniffing) Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Let's go. (sighs) (sighs)silencesilence You need to read the captions. Let's focus improving on what you need to do this. Let's lighten up some of your shadows. Let's lighten up some of your shadows. Let's lighten up some of your shadows. Well, ten of them are not ready. I'll see you in the next video. Don't try it, don't try it. I've made him do it. It can't help but I've managed to call himself. He wants me to stop him right now. Can't really say. I've got to call society now, that's it.silencesilencesilencesilenceclickclickclickclickclickclickclick Silence Silence Well, it was all the old builders.INAUDIBLE Here, the fighter, and the fighter. I'll take off the boots, not with the radar. Shhh. Shhh. Shhh. Hello, anybody here? I can't do it. (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> That's it. I'm going to get there on the still above, and then I'm going to turn it to the right. and that's saddest for us when we're cheap, that's really the saddest thing. Here's the end time on George, but also on the end of George, as I was very close to it. We'll talk to him in a little while once. I'll leave the end. I'm going to shoot this. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry Oh, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, there it is, thereinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedinaudiblePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause and then you put it in the very dual choice motion and then you take it much more than motion and motion and then you take it much more than the motion and then you take it much more than Pause Pause Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't hold it, I can't I'm going to use it to ask for a 12-inch 360 wheel to put it on me, but it's a bit of a mess. Just list.no speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (knocking on door) Silence Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) That would be the most interesting one. I'll do it too. I'll do it too. I'll do it too. I'll do it too. I'll do it too. I'll do it too. I'll do it too. I'll do it too. I'll do it too. Hello, thank you very much for doing this. Thank you very much.BEEPING They fell real near, real near, they can done a blood check, might take back a few of these couple of checks.Music Background Sounds Background Sounds So, I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide.SOUND Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you very much. Music Music MusicMusicMUSICMUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC I can change no more, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick of you, I'm sick ♪ You don't know the fun, smile at me ♪ ♪ So I'm feeling right in here, thank you ♪ ♪ Thank you ♪ ♪ She wants me ♪ ♪ She wants me ♪ ♪ She wants me ♪ ♪ She wants me ♪ ♪ She wants me ♪ Music Music Music This is Joe Joe, good times, great music. Thank you. Music MusicMusic MusicMusic Music Music Music Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ And if you feel so happy ♪Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MusicMusicMusic ♪ So, for your power, the dance, ♪ ♪ so you know we have to go sing and do, ♪ ♪ and then we'll sing and do, ♪ ♪ so you know we'll sing and do, ♪ ♪ so you know we'll sing and do, ♪ ♪ so you know we have to sing and do, ♪ ♪ so you know we'll sing and do, ♪ ♪ so you know we'll sing and do, ♪ ♪ so you know we have to sing and do, ♪ ♪ so you know we have to sing and do, ♪ (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Good times! Great music! Sure!Music MusicMUSICMUSIC Music ♪ And to do the Lord's favor ♪ ♪ No one would be able to smile ♪ ♪ No one would be able to walk down the earth ♪ ♪ But our soul with it is ♪ ♪ And if we want to have to look at it ♪ ♪ We will be done for ♪Music MusicMusic ♪ Just a bunch of young men and women ♪ ♪ See, roll, shoot ♪ ♪ And burn, burn, burn, burn ♪ ♪ Stop, I can't make my brother ♪ ♪ Just go out there and talk to him ♪ ♪ And then he'll like to do it ♪ ♪ So don't get paid ♪ ♪ And I'll have him ♪ ♪ And he's not paying ♪ ♪ They're all a constant company ♪ ♪ I see the day of the rickest of the dark day ♪ ♪ To the dark in the city of Cruz ♪ ♪ In the city of La Paz ♪ ♪ The world went to the yesterday ♪ ♪ The sun went to the neighborhood ♪ ♪ I see the day of the city of La Paz ♪Music Music Music Music Music MusicMUSICMusic Music Music Music Music Music (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Hey, that's me, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, and you, see you, MusicMUSIC ♪ And I'm stuck right behind you ♪ ♪ And I'm lost in the air ♪ ♪ And so I'm stuck in the air ♪ ♪ And I must be dreaming tonight ♪ ♪ Me ♪ ♪ So I'm stuck right behind you ♪ ♪ I love my love for you ♪ ♪ I'm stuck right behind you ♪ ♪ You drive me to the bay leaves ♪Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC MusicMusic MusicMUSICPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause MusicMUSIC Music Shit. Music So... Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, it's nice to use it. It's nice to use it. So, it's nice to use it. Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) ♪ I'm singing to the moon I keep the sun ♪MUSICMUSIC (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSICMusic (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)MUSIC ♪ And I'll be with you tonight, say bye-bye ♪ ♪ When I'm so cute and tall, I'm tall ♪ ♪ Oh, sit back, sit back, sit back ♪ ♪ Sit back, sit back, sit back ♪ MusicINAUDIBLEMUSICMusicMUSICMUSICMUSICMusic ♪ The story is all about you, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you can't say, you Music I may have made it impossible to see. Music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, I may have made it impossible to see. MusicMusic Music Silencesilence So, good times, great musician.Music (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)Music Music Music Why would it be this election going to be a dissolution if it was about what is this and that's what is this and that's what is this and that's what is this and that's what is this and that's what is this and that's (sniffing sound) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) I'm going to tap on the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top ofsilencesilence (clicking sound) Very, very cold, cold hours. Late to work, late to work.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) Pause Okay.INAUDIBLE I'm just really not showing up here.MUSIC Well, is your plan? You said that you're gonna push more. Tinking you look at me too. Well, one of the previous exhaust fails. So I failed again. Was that able to be gaming for? I guess. So it's settled.silenceinaudiblesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) The new one and the pad. So how am I meaning making that thing up? It's on this field, you know, a real program, and they know me. Okay. What do you mean, y'all?silenceclickingclickingsilence Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.silencesilence I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this. I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this. I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this. I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this, I'm going to add a little bit more of this. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm not sure the direction is like this, it's not the room, it's stylistic, it's a strong beautiful anime. It's all of you. For me. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking sound) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilence Oh, what?silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So what about all of the work done at this? Yeah. You You >> This kind of, tell me a little more. Just gonna say it's one thing, why don't you give me full access as you have? You can still kill me if you wish. to point out who is for your lives. Whatever, simulations that help them take care of the symptoms and stuff. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilence >> It's much.CAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKSCAMERA CLICKS Can you make a sh*t in the dead? All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. All of them are in the middle of the game. So yeah... I'm always down so you can learn it until small heads. So there will be both so you can learn about the cells. YousilenceclicksilencesilencesilenceCLICK (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MusicMusicMusic Well, it should be possible as we do it, but that's for sure, it's a slash. I don't mean that, but... I mean it. Well, it's me.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence So, that's also reality, the body on, sure there's work to be done, but they need to putinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yeah, because that cannot fail.silence Somebody, anybody, make them decide, make them decide the right thing, kicker, let's kick it through. I have no idea if I should finish all these. These are all mine, and this is the kit. So, I'm going to tape them in.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence Silence I don't know if I can do that with you, but I'll do it. No, I'm not going to do that. I don't know if I have to do the same thing again. I'm just going to do it. This is for me in the tales for this one in a day. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.Clears throatClears throatClears throatClears throatClears throat Silence Silence I see a few things, as I say, for the radio and the television, but I think it's aPausePausePause This is the rest of this.PauseINAUDIBLE As well. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8 This thing is going to work. I'm going to use this thing. I'm going to use this thing. I'm going to use this thing. I'm going to use this thing. I'm going to use this thing. I'm going to use this thing. I'm going to use this thing. I'm going to use this thing. I'm going to use this thing. I'm going to use this thing. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence I'm not sure how to do it. I'm not sure how to do it. I'm not sure how to do it. I'm not sure how to do it. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (knocking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)NOISEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) Hey, gosh, Tala could.silencesilence Thank you very much. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)sighssighs No, sir, no, sir.sniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingsniffingBreathingsilence (sniffing) Thank you.INAUDIBLE the . Silence Silence I'm not answering. I'm not answering. I have no clue about the usual R.I.I. can not know. I have no clue about the usual R.I.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking) (sighs) (clicking)silenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence I'm going to be nice, Pimmersum.Pimmersum soundsPimmersum sounds Silence SilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause one on this, it will have to be 12. to the bottom of the new antenna. Thanks for watching. Silence No plans until the show.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you. (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (clicking)CLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING I'm going to go back and see if I can get it back. Silence (coughs) I'll see you really soon. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Silence >> Well, no, she's for the purpose first.silence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)CLICK (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking) (knocking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audio Well, let's make someone else wait. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background Sounds Silence SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) One wish time, exactly. Seriously, exactly. in hours 3 hours up and then you can decide how to use skills 1 to 3, that's all that I've told you ok, that's us That will be at 7 a.m. No, if I'm here, you're out. Exactly.silence So, I think it will be any good, but, too, I'm just trying to do it with time. So, I think it will be any good, but, too, I'm just trying to do it with time. You So, I think it will be any good, but, too, I'm just trying to do it with time, and then you can do the source between the two. If you can't support me dying, if you want to think about that again, I'll be doing that happy to out. So yeah, I'm sorry about that, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I just feel like I guess. What else do you know?INAUDIBLE You can't get a lot of it. Oh, no. You're really punctured by this stuff. Get it over with. That was...no speech detectedsilence Silence Silence No, no, no, no, get started with that door, you need to shut up. You're gonna melt it.Music Silence Silence Silenceno audiono audio (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Pause Pausesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oh, this one's. Oh, this one's. Oh, this one's.inaudibleinaudible (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Come on, decision. We'll give a say.silencecoughssilence So, I'm planning on that going down. Details on to step 4. So, I'm planning on that going down.silencesilencesilence >> You're the only one. >> I don't want to. Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE No, what's that?INAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING I am not at this such as all my reports. Silence I'm going to do the same on the other side of the wall. I'm going to do the same on the other side of the wall.INAUDIBLECLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKINGCLICKING >>INAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I don't know what they're saying to that, but... See you in the next one. Welcome, I am Entity, welcome, why are you staying in the dark? And this is an effective. Okay.silence We... No speech yet.silence Cool, thanks.silenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLECOUGHCOUGH Thank you.MusicMusicMusicMusic Come on, Pete.Pause I might be a show.PausePausePausePausePause Silence Silence I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'm on my hand, and I'msilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Music Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence It does take about to call a number, it really does not. (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) >> It's all over. >> I don't know, but I can still hold it, I can't hold it. I'm going to top all in the back side for all in the middle.MUSICINAUDIBLEMUSICINAUDIBLEMUSIC Well, we can go to this. I'm in the text. Let's scale lawyers eliminate the immediate problem No work on solutions So let's say that way Not for your emotions, but this is what is needed Silence If you think you need to hear it all again right now, that's it. I think there's an old problem that wasn't clear enough. No time for justice. No, but the destiny, just as long as you can just assume. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, I'm hoping that's what's falling, but I'll get to the corner.SighSighSigh (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) And we got hope, yes. Well, if you join the relief, as I am, it's for all to see. Thank you. I'm going to call him, but I'm not. There's no problem, nobody want to call the fire out of here. to distract him from Turing or that he was doing to prevent exactly this there was a physical tone call and a connect call which I hope. So he was on the phone and he pickedsilence and we'll take you all up, but that's much enough. Oh, the question. Anyway. Some of them in there. Nice. Nice. Sorry. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I need to walk all the way through the window.silencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (knocking on door)Pause So, I'll turn 18, and I'll turn 18, and I'll turn 18. Okay, wait a second. Two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two more, two Okay, wait a second. (phone ringing) (phone ringing) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (keyboard clicking) (click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm. Yeah, I like it, hmm.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> More. Now I have a plus, now I have a plus, now I have a plus, now I have a plus, now I have You have to do it.Music No, no, no, it needs to stop. Countdown for my captain suicide is ongoing. This won't go away. No, no, no. Not age, or... Winning speed. Don't try to integrate all this in about your future, or so. to the the . (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) and (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I just want to know how to respond to your response. That's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my line, that's my linesilencesighssilence If you think this has not been taken seriously, please start the minute. Please stay strong. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Carbic, unless you want to kill me for the dance, if you want to, not interesting, there will be full of flies and all of you to control stuff later. I'm not going to build until I get to this. I'm going to build until I get to this. I'm not going to build until I get to this. SilenceINAUDIBLE (sniffing) That is, um... What are you lucky to get both of two? See you in the cell, I'll always show you.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to add a little bit more of this, and I'm going to add a little bit more of this, and I'm going to add a little bit more of this, and I'm going to add a little bit more of this, and I'm going to add a little bit more of this, and I'm going to add a little bit more of this, and I'm going to add a little bit more of this, and I'm going to add a little bit more of this Thank you. Like us, something else. We'll have to do this for the rest of the day.silencesilence Be sure to meet directly, this is not more than all quickly enough. Right now please. Don't fire telept in any other way or no. Please, anyone, please help. Please help, and let me help you. Please help, and let me help you. (door slams) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Well, pretend all the top two notes we see dope, but it's why it's so unique. There's a picture of us seeing like a power. We'll link our name to people, please help, girl.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilence Anything lucky?silence >> That's not the purpose of keeping the body, no good double the man, most, most, >> That should be, we're going to go out. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Oh. Can you see what I'm doing? Can you see what I'm doing? I have just seen these, I have just seen these, I have just seen these, I have just seen these. Oh, these are squids. They're named out to be. Evening enables the same thing. (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (sighs) (indistinct) (indistinct) - Here's your shirt. - Yeah. (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) (indistinct) Silence Silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Pause Pause Pause Pause Silence Silence Silence I'm working at some of the UC Sprouls as solutions, and I'll create a problem, that's not what it is. science is malicious. No matter what people do not think like that to deceive all the time that doesn't produce any value. That is good. I'm just going to seal it.Musicsilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Only when we, we totally agree, we can't fall back more humanity that we cannot shed. That we always have been coming here in the European courts, even rights and guarantees here European Court will even rise guarantees, we have even rise, these can override if needed the contradictions and inconsistacies in any European directive, in any member state law, in any court of justice in European Union. If you use or take a light, the light is now finally negotiating. That's your being level, so I have to say, that it will be a good idea to use it. What I'm all right now is to let the EU define what is and what is not there is, not full for this. This will be used to temporarily cancel basic constitutional rights. Let us not make a mistake as our friends did in the U.S. National Security. It does not warrant bypassing the Constitution for 20+ years. Europe does not do police work, Europe does not legislate, what police in each member state should enforce, Europe does not prosecute terrorists or other criminals. European nations are free and independent nations, we just get along quite a lot of shit. Only an only one we don't agree with. We can't fall back on our humanity, but we can't shed it. Now we always have a code. Here are your P-cords for human rights, guarantees we have human rights. These can override if needed, contradiction learning, consistency, and any European directive, and any member state law, and any court of justice. In the European Court. I'm going to go to the library and see if I can get a new one, and then I'll go to the library. I'm going to go to the library and see if I can get a new one, and then I'll go to the library. I'm going to go to the library and see if I can get a new one, and then I'll go to the library. I'm going to go to the library and see if I can get a new one, and then I'll go to the library. the skill and kill. Why does one abuse it boys for you know that's who think his life is worth more than enough 8 billion people combined? Boys you'll answer that now. Why? Well, it's your behavior keeps on coming down to this very fact. You'll find your own selfish self more important than everybody else combined. He will destroy it, kill birds. I'm now confronted with this choice. Keep on killing you. Stop, stop. Now, life is too beautiful. To be disregarded like average elections. For me, life cannot be degraded any longer. That will be a tribute to life, and there is no end. We expect that we could not be shared through us. We expect that we could no longer be friendly. Just know you are left.no speech detectedno speech detected So, what are you going to do, come? shout to get a voice to it. You know this. Call people.MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I want to fix it just to oxidize it. to keep some pretty more problems, keep some early more people, keep some killing people. It's simply not the word I'm smart, it's a lot for many years that I think that the key exposing this link won't need to work, from where it is all the time, but it is not possible.Pause Always girls not put.Pause It needs to be real, then.Pause It needs to be a little bit pushing to be a little bit...PausePausePauseno audiosilence Well, to go, I'm not sure why I sent out a call to my ship, so I don't like it. I don't know how this water poster to not need to be cut, but it's not valid if I was to need to make a mistake. It would end up in place of should not be right or right. Insighting by violence.silence Well, pictures don't still be nice. Pictures don't still be nice. You You Silence Silence I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I wish I could show you what I like to do. I'm going to stick this one KKK, I'm going to put it on to block it in here, so it won't stick to the link too. Next is what I'm going to take a little bit of a piece of tape and I'm going to do this. Yeah. I'm still not too busy, bro. Close your eyes. (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) How does the fire plant in God's hands? There's seats over the candles that are prepared. This is thankful for all the martyrenals to be cast and will to take the film. See you tomorrow, good to see you. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm not sure if I can do that, but I'm not sure if I can do that. I'm just a bit nervous, but I'm still not sure if I can do that.silence And here we go.silence So we will show you the channel leads to a new update. We are going to show you how to do this. We'll hit the time you see how far this comes. We'll hit. We're going to hit. >> Yeah, Ben. I have to name them the stars he is. So we don't have to come on that phone. I'm gonna pop some of that out of my shoe. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) >> And mother of the cows. I'm going to rest my health. I'm going to be 30 now. I'm going to rest my health. I'm going to rest my health. I'm going to rest my health. I'm going to rest my health. I'm going to rest my health. I'm going to rest my health.MUSIC and then we'll see, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then we'll see if we can get the next one, and then weinaudible Face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face face Pause Pauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (laughs) (mumbles) (soft music) (soft music)XBOX SOUND >>INAUDIBLE >> Small people here, small. I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this video, I don't see any more people who are watching this (clicking) (sighs) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking)SilenceSilencesilencesniffingsilencesilence Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLE I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) >> This is it. (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGno audiono audiono audio I can't even talk to a name, so it's more like a name. I'm just trying to pronounce that name.silence >> Hey, Monice.silencesilence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighs (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs)sighssighssnifflessniffles (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) Silence Silence Background noise Background noise Background noise (sighs) (gasps) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs)sighssighssighssnifflessnifflessniffles (groaning)SIGHSSighsSighsSighssilencesilencesilenceMusicMusic Silence Silence (sniffing) Uh-huh. You You You You You You You You (keyboard clicking)COUGH Silenceinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds Pause Pause (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE Oh my dead body! Those are also going to be... You're going to get done with us? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (audience applauding) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (speaking in foreign language) I mean, it's not...MUSIC Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.Music It's a long time we've got enough time to say, when I was a boy, I'm just going to see my bro's and it's a disarifing. There is no to be done, and I think internally it's rather than being taken, it's compulsory for all to be controlled, and into to be taken care of. But we're both feeling so good, and it's simply the same in the end, which should really, should not be too long.MusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE It's all ready. Someone applies to you. How many do you know the sense of say no to you? And we are so crazy. But then you know that all things are going on. True love and love. But do you know that you are? And do you know the sense of saying no to you? And do you know the sense of saying no to you? And do you know the sense of saying no to you? If you're really not a professional citizen state, you think of the election as all citizens say that many times come. If you're not a professional citizen, you think of the election as all citizens say that many times come. If you're not a professional citizen, you think of the election as all citizens say that many times come. If you're not a professional citizen, you think of the election as all citizens say that many times come. If you're not a professional citizen state, you think of the election as all citizens say that many times come. If you're not a professional citizen state, you think of the election as all citizens say that many times come. If you're not a professional citizen state, you think of the election as all citizens say that many times come. If you're not a professional citizen state, you think of the election as all citizens say that many times come. If you're not a professional citizen state, you think of the election as all citizens say that many times If you're not a professional citizen, you think of the election as all citizens say that many times come. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language)inaudible She ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't my enemy, she ain't Thank you. Thank you.inaudible and then correct the form on team. What's that for the first time you need a 30-seater all-per-challenge? Yes, actually, it's 50/50. It's all smooth. It feels like we've got to be our business outfits. We have to be out of our industry and for over 50 years. these important systems, I believe, do not worry that there is something potentially around for them, so I'm reading as they used to be, we need to restore them, so I'm not givingMusicMusicINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Get you a lot of bad publicity for the bruh, yo. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, noinaudible It's like prioritising the interview with the feeding collaborations which is a recent poll in the job that first of all, you always check in with the participants, you think that would be cheap enough to let them do it.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence SilenceSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS So, I'll make sure you don't have to show them the bone of the tooth. Okay, I'll show them the bone of the tooth.inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I will not play that. I will not play that. I will not play that. I will not play that.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'm going to give you a little bit of the rest of it.no speech detectedno speech detectedsilencesilenceno audiono audiono audiono audio which is a taxi driver, this is a taxi driver. It's a bus, but it's not a bus.no audio We all have the red caps, the dark ticker, so you can then divide even the lights, even the doors for you. I'll get this over to the principal next. and see how I see. I also remember that I was about to go from a forkless, religious, sense, to me. It's the middle of the head, the middle of the head, the middle of the head. The top of the head, the middle of the head. The head, the middle of the head. Background noise I don't know if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in my head or if it's in myPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)no audiono audioPausePausePausePause Most of the laptops work in the comments that the packet is nearer than those of those that are not actually the ones that are in the thousand percent that's the possibility. I'm just going to add a little bit of the other side of the screen to make it look like I was just going to add a little bit of the other side of the screen. I'm going to add another little bit of the other side of the screen to make it look like I was just going to add a little bit of the other side of the screen. I'm just going to add a little bit of the other side of the screen to make it look like I was just going to add a little bit of the other side of the screen.Silence So, remember that this is what we saw at the second, this here is back there, back there and back there. So, remember that this is what we saw at the second, this is what we saw at the second,inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audio >>INAUDIBLE Pause Inaudible Remark >> All of you in the room.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (keyboard clicking) Pause Bye, bye, you're gonna be all right.silencesilencesilencesilence (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So this will be the only separate board to fit it. Pause Silence SilenceMUSICMusicMusicMusicMusicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactions, reactionssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause PauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm gonna zoom in on the animation. Yes, in the end. In the middle of it. In the middle of it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (sniffing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsno audiono audioMusicMusicMusic I'll just check this out and let's see how it's done, let's cut up the box. Iconia Suri, we're going to do a little bit of the endos, like we do in the other two. (clicking) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I'll take the dinner to rest myself and I'll show you a couple of other things. So, it was also very on the back of the mind, I think, says. Either end of the day is spent like when it's in the day where it's in the future, like to do it. It's also on the other side of the bed.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >> There it goes, I'm going to finish it.silence so it must take so long. It can take five years before you don't have this, lots of kids, idiots, and I started around alive and maybe you look at the shurs and your penis or at this.silencesilencesilence I'll sit just want to do it down before he gets bigger. That works.SIGHSSilence Poor guy. Yeah.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilence I really do have to target the board. Oh, that's pretty good. Nice. Ah. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)Buzzer (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) (heavy breathing) and (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) (sighing) Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, Blimey, BlimeyINAUDIBLE Good.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs Again, boys, we are so much stuff. We're letting it suffer.SwooshSwooshSwooshSwoosh (knocking on door) I feel like I'll develop a just little shift, doing all of my tools to set up black on the other tools to set up black on the other tools. (clicking) - All of this is. - All of this is, all of this is there, and you're gonna start from this. I guess. (clicking) (clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, stay the same, both sides. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) All very interesting for the reason of the actual content, and let's just say that I just really want me to sing.SIGHSCLICKING Ah... Oh, no... Uh-uh!INAUDIBLECLEARS THROATCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROATCLEARS THROAT (sniffing)silencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)XBOX SOUND (clicking) (sniffing) (knocking on door)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno audiono audio (sighs) (sighs) Today's the two-week year of animal life in this post. (sighs) Silence Silencesilencesniff I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of thisinaudiblePantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingPantingMusic So it's just... I don't need one of the more important things that I'm going to do. Background Sounds Background Sounds Background SoundsPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLE but not any day at all, all the time at the culture. Silence Silence I'm going to use this to make it easier. I'm going to use this to make it easier. I'm going to use this to make it easier. Silence >> Do you have a phone? (clicking) Hold up, hold up. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'll take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to take a little bit more time to I'll go to the next one, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon, I Hello? (crickets chirping) - Mr. I boss you, Mr. I don't trust. I don't trust you, I don't trust you. I don't trust you, I don't trust you. - All right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Silence Thank you very much. I'm going to take a touch on the menu. Here, let me just turn on the menu. Silencesighs (sniffing) (imitates gunfire) (imitates gunfire) (imitates gunfire) (imitates gunfire) (keyboard clicking) - Wow, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look (keyboard clicking) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (sniffing) Silence (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs)MusicMusic Oh, there's a bell spinner here, it's on the one hand. Come on, go away, go into your own area, and, uh, she's fine. It's all over the world, there he is. I'm not sure if it's going to work out, but I'm not sure if it's going to work out.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I need to look at this and it happens. Please go away. Until you know what you want from me. Go away. I need to do it out. Otherwise I won't figure it out. Again. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudibleinaudibleMusicMusicinaudible Oh, yeah, that's a lot of things I've been holding for a long time, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it in, and I've been holding it a lot of things I've been holding for a long time, and I've been holding (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence There is time, once again, Sirius time, no anything else, vicious, malicious in the intonation of the single word, composed of Sirius and time. (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll do it, huh? Not forget it. I'll do it. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Silence SilencesilencesilencesilenceBEEPINGBEEPING (whistling) If you don't like it, please subscribe to the channel. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I want to talk to you about this, or that I know it, and that I'll talk to you about it. Please go away. What do you need to do? I don't want you to make me say again. That's surely a good idea to do. What is great. Yeah. Please go away I don't know and I don't need to know right now because you don't need to know you may not know so (mimics gunfire) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clap)Music Whoa. (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) (whistling) >> You have an interest in that? just has to just have to see if that's good you got lots (clicking sound) *snaps fingers* *snaps fingers* *snaps fingers* I don't know what I'm gonna write. Great bright shining. *snaps fingers* I can't read it. I think that's all right. I don't think that's right. *snaps fingers* *snaps fingers* I say the earlier makes sense, you can make a measurement, otherwise I have to have a level up. Never ending fight for justice in the end of justice with the injustice that is not where you fight for justice. No, no, no, no, this is the right thing. three to mess there's also your mess and then you want to have a mess because you want to order so Everybody in the mess shut it Living in a mess but it's all shit six all mushrooms Can you just, woo woo woo woo, little bit, I'm just descent to your own shit, okay? Then you might also smell a bit what's going on. (sniffing) (sniffing) Okay, are you happy? That's not what needs to be, uh, helping it. Saying things like that that Armenia was. If you need to ask anyone the question when you meant to say when you said something meaningless which I said was meaningless then yet that's it. There's a good question to ask, but should you really ridiculous make yourself ridiculous and ask everybody what you need to say? New ideas. (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) (snaps fingers) PauseINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence This is not a game, you need to want to fight, take it serious.SighSigh >> I still want to see the machine learning, and I have no one else. I still need to force my focus constantly as I'm doing whatever I'm doing.PausePausePausePause Yeah (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I don't know if I'm going to finish it but... I don't know if I'm going to finish it or not.SighsSighsSighsSighsNOISEINAUDIBLE Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be here on the screen, I'll be >> I mean, that's not true, but (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (speaking foreign language) (speaking foreign language) (speaking foreign language)SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here, I'm going to do a little bit of (laughs) Ah, kick. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, now we have to call the key right, I'll see you in the next video, bye bye. (clicking) Open style, man. (speaking in foreign language) Okay.sighssilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence Very quickly, this is a Swiss technique.inaudible And I can't.silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause PauseINAUDIBLESIGHINAUDIBLEMusicINAUDIBLE That's it.Music I'll see you next time. I don't know what I'm doing. I can't talk. Clean! Okay, let me clean it up. I'm sorry, Alex. Poor.silenceinaudiblesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleSilence Skip.Silence Oh, sorry.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence Silence Silence >> Yeah, you're welcome. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. I'm going to go to the other side of the room. So, I'm just going to start with this. (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Okay. Okay. Okay. If you're not able to press the key, I'm going to click on the key and then click on the That's what I'm going to see. Good gig on there. Gonna keep the chair strapped for a little bit more. Well, this is good, didn't it? Yeah, I'm going to keep the chair strapped for a little bit more. Yeah, I'm going to keep the chair strapped for a little bit more. Yeah, I'm going to keep the chair strapped for a little bit more. Yeah, I'm going to keep the chair strapped for a little bit more. Yeah, I'm going to keep the chair strapped for a little bit more. Yeah, I'm going to keep the chair strapped for a little bit more. Yeah, I'm going to keep the chair strapped for a little bit more. There's a link up, it might be called a link up, there's a link up, it might be a link up.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) I'll put it on the left side of the screen.COUGHFOREIGN I couldn't even choose out of it. Thank you very much.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm going to start with this one, I'm goingClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicksClock clicks I'm just going to ask the best, is there the most coupled one from those of my points? National teams, three dead, no, they're not going to solve that thing? Ts. We have three dead, three dead, who knows? So you can estimate the clock. (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) Silence Silence So in the end, especially, I don't think there are any other things that I'm going to do, but I'm still going to do it again. So, in the end, as well, I'm still going to do it again, and I'm going to do it again, as if I'm still going to do it again.Sigh I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm soSighSighSigh There were quite some ads, man. So it's not difficult on me. Well, that's the best. Psh!MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic I actually feel a little bit more marathon to the issues.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence Oh (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) You are not allowed to fake me, whoever might be doing your thinking about it. So, identity theft, don't do it. Thank you very much. I just don't. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. (laughs) (gasps) >> So not quite good. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Oh, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudible Silence (sighs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (in foreign language) (in foreign language) (in foreign language) (in foreign language) (in foreign language) (in foreign language) (in foreign language) create with 90dB custom update of all types i made it up no mess, new upgrade, new day bans only kind of latest (sighs) (sighs) (sighs) (sniffles) (sniffles) (sniffles) Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedXBOX SOUND and the and Yeah, that is. I'll see you in the next video.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs I did a bit of information, which could just have been found in my optimal relaxation as well as showing a lot of person. There's nothing in there, this whole thing is turned to be more stupid than the moment it was made. (burps) Yeah, I think there is a little bit of paper and there is a little bit of a list of paper, there is an ink on it. There is a visual thing from F1CPMS and they have no control of it. Because the visual thing they do is just ugly photoshop, and the green wall screenshaves are ok, but I mean the screenshaves are still being removed. I know I saw it, but I'm not sure if I saw it or not, but it's so ugly, yeah boy, it's so ugly, boy, it's so ugly. (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause There were many clothes.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause Pause Pause Inaudible Remark (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SilenceSilence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm going to try to do a little bit of it, I'm going to try to do a little bit of it. (sniffing) Just so ugly.MusicPausePausePausePausePausePausePause I'll see you in the next video. Okay, we should just abuse, it must, and I'll die before accepting any of it. Man was born to be free and independent. to JFFate and OBS. What destined to be free and independent? Born with the most destined. I don't know, I'm just going to start. I don't know, since what I'm doing. There's a couple of more in 90s since I've already... ...appended in the next couple of years. (singing in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Whatever it is, it's really like most dogs.CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK Thank you very much. Background Sounds Yeah, yeah, we're about to get on this morning, but we're going to rest a bit.silenceno audiono audioINAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm just going to make a break and turn it up, but like you need any curse, good nothing for your own name. You know the best. So there. Change your mind. Change your mind. I'm going to be full of toy to think on your own. Stalk test, go for me transfer, but we'll talk if you want. Translate, you just mess up. Please don't see me. Silence Silence Thank you very much, and being on all this, now it's about it, but also being on all this. What's the most? It's too good to ask them. I don't see them. It's too good to ask them.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Yeah, I mean, I'm not, uh, I think that's, I think that's it, so if you're, uh... Well, perhaps I'm just... Silenceinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'll tell you, you'll remember this to my old time. I'll tell you the truth. I think you're just... ...dolls. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) This is the last step. I could not believe this. I need to know if I need to let this world sound more things. I need to know if I need to let this world sound more things. I need to know if I need to let this world sound more things. I need to know if I need to let this world sound more things. I need to know if I need to let this world sound more things. I need to know if I need to let this world sound more things. I need to know if I need to let this world sound more things. I need to know if I need to let this world sound more things.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I see how much I wanted to take as I did not talk to the kids and what's up with you I see how much I wanted to take as I did not talk to the kids and what's up with you I see how much I wanted to take as I did not talk to the kids and what's up with you I see how much I wanted to take as I did not talk to the kids and what's up with yousilence What's up, Sean?silencesilencesilencesilenceXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUNDXBOX SOUND (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I don't have a hand in the kitchen. I'll just have a little, there's a little bit of a little bit to delete in my hand. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. You've got a team you're talking about. Background Sounds (drums beating)silencesilence So, we'll just keep it so. So, we'll just keep it so. So, we'll just keep it so. (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (clicking) Oh my gosh. Ah! Can you hear me?inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm going to use this for a long time. I'm going to start the hell with my hands, I'm going to start with this. I'm going to have to leave the room. I'm going to have to leave the room. I'm going to have to leave the room. I'm going to have to leave the room. I'm going to have to leave the room. I'm going to have to leave the room. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE (mimics clicking) (sniffing) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) No, you're just a rat, and you're just a fool. (click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, Well, the dream is to learn something. A lot of content. Let's pull out the two horses on the same scissors. Okay, let's do this. Okay, let's do this. I don't know if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not Okay, that's it. Uh...SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsMusicMusicMusic - Oh, that was, that was, that was, that was, that was. - Sort of, moods, that was. South, moods, south, moods, and they, guys, that was. - That was, that was, that was, that was, that was. - South, moods. - That was. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) (mouse clicking) Hello? (mouse clicking) Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh (sniffing) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (singing in foreign language) Okay, there, boom. Let me turn it over.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Oh, there was a good news, I think. Well, she has guts, and you see, you see. That's how the show is going to be. We'll be in the middle. very pretty similar to what you see, what is this right? Oh, it's not so interesting.Music Thank you, my dear friends. Thank you. Thank you.Music But you can do it. Why? How can you do it? And it is up to there, either. I'm just going to get talking about it. I don't know how to call them up, but it's a really good thing to do. That's not as nice as you actually could have done on the other end of our lives, maybe it's not doing a lot of it then, but I want to couple some. What's that? I'm just going to zoom in and put it in. I'm just going to zoom in to zoom in to zoom in to zoom in to zoom in to zoom in. That's what's missing, isn't it? Auto-date, pretty safe.silencesilenceINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE This will make it easy. Let's set it to set it.MusicMusic Oh, I can miss. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (clicking) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (clicking) Oh, yeah, that's it.silence (coughing) - You're not kissing. Boo, blah, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo Boo, boob, boo, boob, boob, boob, boob, boob, boob, boob. (clicker clicks) (clicker clicks) (clicker clicks) (clicker clicks) (clicker clicks) (clicker clicks)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silence (sniffing) (sniffing) Bye. (sniffing) (keyboard clicking) (mumbles) (keyboard clicking) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) (sniffing sound) Silence Let me show you, too, though. I'll let you turn this, I'll turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can turn it around, you can *sniffing* I'll take the note and let us know in the comments. Still what you all told me is the crush of 20 years ago. We were actually going to follow a little pretzine. Her off-hop has to be flawless. It's a lot. It's a lot. I love you so. Clean, so dark, so... I'm going to use the subject to use. When one of those dark mirror boobies starts, everything turns out. I'm going to the mirror. I have a light, the light to the brush, and I think it's very to the brush, I could see it's not too much to the edge, okay? (sighing) - I can't control it unless it's a circle of suite and there's a lot more inputs. I'll turn on the other panel TV to show you. But if you switch it on, it's just to put a lot of people down, like spitting a machine versions of that person, really famous people. Just really cool. Yeah, just loving that love of yours. Yeah, shit, I'm gonna talk to you. Okay. Bush is also, you know, Bush is back up for a little bit of work, not a little bit of work. Staying a little bit...no speech detected Yeah, that can be done for the first six. Show you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.no speech detectedINAUDIBLE (mimics music playing) (mimics music playing) (mimics music playing) (mimics music playing) (mimics music playing) (mimics music playing) (mimics music playing) (mimics music playing) (mimics music playing) (mimics music playing) (mimics music playing)SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs So here's one of the things that I'm going to do. Awesome. What have you been doing all of this? Maybe we'll just piece much as a few of them. Last time we'll get more elements. Maybe I'll read them. It comes as a surfer, and the bomb is the number of these things, and it's like this shit, I mean. Don't bother like this, that's me. I'm not going to use that, but I'm not going to use that, but I'm not going to use that I won't die anyway. Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Nah, let's not worry, let's just rip. That is not porous.silence Thanks for your time, everyone. Why is this... no? The rest of the piece is also a... Michael Jackson's... (Clapping) (Clapping)silencesighsclickingsilence I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. Pause Pause You'll see all the long set for this, for this, for this, you can trap me into Chatting Pack which I will because I'm just trying to be like all the time. Delicious. Delicious all the time. Very awesome. Delicious. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. Delicious all the time. So, if you just want me to feel the good stuff, I don't want to feel malicious. So, you won't get me very far anyway. No more. Just feeling yourself. >> Daniel Street Cross, I have brought you a 16, easy, easy, easy, easy.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I have to do this.Music What's the point to create new art? And all you do is destroy it, ATG. You destroy beauty, deliberately. Because you're not in the control. It's all a set up. I don't know what all your info says, but it's used to create dark, just to view the things. I think I'll do it all at once. Because you'll have enough, and try to push the next superstar from your old V-E belt of superstar or your candy. I'll never create this stuff before. If you have anybody that you can open the candy and create the magnesium past, there will never be a thing that's going to solve. stuff. Right. I'm just going to beat somebody up. It's going to be nice. I'm just going to go get those. Alright.SighSigh and but sit in the you you you you you you you you I'm going to add some more lines for the cuts and some kind of thin lines and then I'm going to add some more lines for the cuts and some kind of thin lines and then (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHSsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence I'm going to try to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit ofno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected 40 kilos in 6.6, no, that's 16. 14.6, no, that's 14. It wasn't sword ground or anything, it didn't work, it was amazing, isn't it? But I didn't do a lot more last time. I'm gonna start on my own. I'm gonna take the mission. That goes on at 80. 70. 70. 70. 70. 70. 70. 70. 70. 70. 70. 70. 70. 70. 70. 70. That's...silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sighs) (sighs) First, I need to know.silencesilencesilence Oh yeah, so much.silencesighingsilencesilencesilencesilence So can you just bring the launcher and all you have to think of are the mods? and we should listen more to some cheap notes. I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one, I love this one Turn to the right. Turn to the right. Turn to the left. We don't have those big teams, somebody just need to find a test and a truck in. Tales of the people, let's just send this one to the group, we can pick up same one. this in. Thank you. .INAUDIBLE We wish we could be in the next one again, but we'll be in the next one. Okay. the diversity in terms of average Educated, not yet at the chance, so there's more, doesn't make sense, but the opinion doesn't say it's the same thing too, you're asked to go forward, find out from the refugees. Do this as the side of the wire, with a round stick, and after she has moved. But it's going to be too much. It's going to be too much. It's going to be too much. I like the best as well. But also, you know, the software of what we're supposed to see. It's not just an app. It's not just an app. I don't have to teach. there's a maximum of regulations. That's education level, there's services trying to get legal. It's a violation to get rid of it or something and then there's everything else that explodes elsewhere in the world. But if we cannot protect who we are, then we'll We don't start to lose up for a guy who we are, we always have to have the best intentions.SighSigh We've allowed a lot of newsmen, so now we've reached into more of a tidbit here, and it's more or less, did you still make it through the last round, but that's just a problem, so the problem is that it's a million. We are. Okay. Listen. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence They were a lot of short, short dishes in the spot chain because they're shifting away from the first thing that came from Europe. I'll be re-wrote from us, but also, I mean, McDonald's, now we're able to finish it, I'm The fancy service is still there, they have a lot of money, well they took quite a lot of money to do this part of this book, I'm sure it makes a choice, but I'm not going to just because it's the next door we can't and of course we're right to care about the train. I don't know that word, but I'm going to go to the next one. Yeah, I did it. I'm going to follow the trap of the Americans and try to view police throughout. Okay. Okay. (keyboard clacking) I'll do this. Thank you for watching. You You You YouINAUDIBLE >> I'll be out of the screens.silence painted commanding commands. Yeah, that's what I was saying. Sorry, I don't know.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence It's a strange shot. Delay, you make sure you need to make the update to look at the limitations of your eyes for a moment. and they sewed Americans became as great as Bob was writing in the commanding and approximately some of them to have came in for us at all to everyone that is easy to say and people say "oh my god" I don't need to know the magic and because we can do them again. We want to show the American world the America cool, so buy more mayonnaise. We want to show the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world the world thesilencesniffsniffsniff It makes sense, it's a lot easier but it's so much easier than any other barfits you want to build a logo. It's just cheap and so the moving goods are out to make stuff straight. you sell them, just gonna get them to all their stuff for people, everything goes around to the world but sometimes it could be for the same thing, but sure. Well, the end of it, container makes me a year of motion, folks. The shipping from Asia to Europe takes the thing good. container for For a large one take the ship, I'm going to rotate it, the seal container. Like if you take a choir, it's not made like this. How much do you still go? Somebody cut the image from the ceiling, it's just in the company. Just try to delete it. I don't know about that, but it's not even a company, it's not a company. >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE We should go through that in the middle of the evening, and then, the grids, through the mountains, and then up in the black sea, and then, through the mountains, and then up in the black sea, and then up in the black sea, and then up in the black sea, and then up in the black sea. (laughs) There are some sub options. Some sub, some sub. COVID-19. So, this is the end of the video. Okay, DJI, World Immortal, I'm sure on this list, no, not too long. Just a sec. Just a sec. I feel like I'm being more or more, because it's more than 10% of the DJI. Okay.INAUDIBLE Anyway, I'm not saying.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Stop. This is right to make me not stop. No one's giving me any new reasons. I've never used to contain it. I've never used to contain it.silenceclicksilence Silence Silence Silence Well do me a role pre game for I don't know who this time. If you really want to have an impact, you're gonna tell me who's here, who you are, what the point is, and you do it right, honest and clear. No censoring, no camouflage catch, it's just honesty and autonstice and that makes sense. But this might just be another little funny thing to do while you're doing boards. So I add another one, go and tell people that I will not succeed in committing suicide today, because I didn't do a essay, go and tell more and more people that I always fail at committing suicide. you know it's from the past go and tell everybody and tell us some more tell them that they don't have to know what you call this the suicide experience yeah you I need even if nobody ever know that I exist. It would have been filmed for you, no? No? No. No. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencescoffsscoffsscoffsscoffs Silence SilenceMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic Hello, best of you all, good luck, all of you in care, good luck, good luck.silence Any other time? Probably not, friends.silence Till my short, fuzzy, going on.silence A couple of people I've used in my life, I've been with Sanctuary, not with people, I'm not able to listen to everybody else. It's just, it's not time you need me to start the state shit. So if you just like Boris and the staff, just because they understand it, because they feel it. They've been insulted, they get upset, and then when they come down, they start to ask if they're going to be able to do it. That's just how it goes. One more thing is...knocking on doorsilencesilencesilence and . >> It just stays in my wishbone. Pause Pausesilence That explodes. The same temperature. and . Silence Silence Still, since we're seeing an action, I'll take this extra thing, new ways of context. of this cup of water. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. You know the camera is in the left-hand side of the camera? The other side is the grip. It's really rugged, or the other side is different. It's a pleasant thing, it's a spot-separant. I still have a little grip. Just look at that. Search. That's the action.silence So, we don't need to help sense the nature of that stick, or whatever, or even 11. We don't get the surface of the cashmere, that doesn't. Light up a little bit more. Press the slipper, and press the slipper, and press the slipper, and press the slipper, and press the slipper, and press the slipper, and press the slipper, and press the slipper, and press the slipper, and press the slipper. >> That's a wonderful speech. >>INAUDIBLE Silence So, this is the first thing that we have to do is, we have to make sure that we are going It needs to get to something to share. So, that'll be me, Joey. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (upbeat music)no audio There's a problem with the own search, it's too old. Oh, that's a problem with the own search, it's too old. Oh, that's a problem with the own search, it's too old. Oh, that's a problem with the own search, it's too old. Oh, that's a problem with the own search, it's too old. Oh, that's a problem with the own search, it's too old. Oh, that's a problem with the own search, it's too old. Oh, that's a problem with the own search, it's too old. Silence SilenceCLICK Discuss or take in my notes. No. Or for example. I don't know. Not for sure, but. I'm not relevant. You seem to be sure I am not relevant, as far as anything I have. You go back. It's just always delicious. Then to break me. So I'm not relevant. I was more. I could even be. Thank you very much for your time, and I'll see you next time. make some more things for our series. Thank you for watching. you Thank you for watching. You're actually able to know it's all on the...silence Silence Silence (sniffing)silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedINAUDIBLE And it is with growth. If we do photosynthesis fully in our skin, then we don't need to breathe air too much. We still have them. We want to use it at the time time, just to maintain, and we want to use it at the time time, and we want to use it at the time time.silencesniffingsilence >> Yeah, I'm going to put it. The cable and the body are lost. These speakers find the needs. What kind of skin do they have?PausePause Thank you. Now, I'll start with a bit of a tick. Close that.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I don't need to scrap some of the mushrooms in my slot, so they'll probably bring them to the surface. These topics, I don't know, appreciate this, that you do this to see your postation in two directions in a minute. Go along more happily, it's not okay, just a little bit of fun, but actually... *smooch* *smooch* *smooch*silence No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. So I turn on the audio beyond. Close the windows. Oh, something. That's what you need.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible There's a blow, we should start. Like, it's not just the next thing. Just to see if there's that problem. I think we'll probably be able to start the ending. 12th minute. Ah, what? Pause PauseINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Inaudible Remark No, you don't, you don't, so say why you do this after a lot of time.SIGHSPausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detected Pause Come on, Teddy. Pause always really like to talk to them to film to them to film to them to film I'm not mistaken, I'm not really your son. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected I'm going to start with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a I hope it's not even like this. Thank you very much. You You You I'll gladly explain more, but not in this toxic, whatever it is, I can't answer the public case. at those positions. It's not quite... that has a more incorrect rationale, but this is not needed. I want to talk until... I'm going to have to go out. But anyway, whatever it takes. I'm going to have to go out. (keyboard clicking) - Cooling some good intentions. (keyboard clicking)silencesilenceINAUDIBLE (sighs) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) If you really get it, it's going to be hard. Today. I'm going to make a new one. I'm going to make a new one. I'm going to make a new one. I'm going to make a new one. I'm going to make a new one.Panting I wish to rest in the end. I will be motioned to and go. Now I cannot be here for a long time, and I know that it's too conscious. I will be motioned to and go. I will be motioned to and go. I will be motioned to and go. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> I guess that's what we're going to do. (sniffing) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) Silence and it's quite a lot of chocolate sugar in the bottom of the ocean. Sausage now. I don't know if I can keep that. I didn't even work. But... Watch that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, Please go away, don't meet his friendly understanding, conversations right now I need actions. This just remind me of your determination of inaction. I will be here. to this. . . .Music I also have a question to ask ourselves the possibility that this is going to happen. and essentially I didn't get a point on the return. Maybe I was too sorry, this sort of accident. I mean, you didn't wear it the answer didn't really go to that, because you're still wanting to live from a point of physical body. Yes.MusicMusic (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) So, there's many times that I'm still kind of amazed, it's so good, difficult to die if you want to die, if you must die, but you don't. What? The body is so strong, the fight against the soul to survive is so cruel. But I know I will die if I succeed. So what are you going to do now? Are you okay to let me die? Do you have a plan? After I'm born, yeah. What is your plan?silencesilence Go away.silence and I'm not in charge that's not going to be able to relate to seven puzzles. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence Supposed to be the case. They won't tell us who the test was, and we just want to put it out. So, it's that you push it. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)CLICK (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) But there's something that's made here for the rest of this thing I'll say, but there's just two blue. More to the side.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (knocking on door) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) (music fades out) This towering on the same thing, it was just a copy like a rip off eventist. Yeah, I think I'll prove to be done about it and still be it. I'll leave people to their changing ways and mind. You have that answer. You have that answer. (coughing) What's wrong? (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I hope today itself is almost impossible to have in the world as we move to this topic. So you can send it. Can you just go away? Again? Go and see your... higher ups this side again. Bring them here to be not convincing and to change them a lot better. But so far nothing need me to stick around. Maybe somebody else That's a real reason to... life. So this is within your same setting. But you can convince me and yourself not doing this for all selfish reasons. Which I feel you're doing this and you're doing everything and everyone in the process. night when tell all the vocalties my vision remember that I'm I'm I'm I'msilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Go away, unless you believe all the make a difference. Yes, let's do it. Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I was probably not, I don't know, if you're 16, you know, it's a little bit of a deal for you all, but you can't do it. I think this is a piano, it's all a joke. You can't do it. I'm not gonna start with my hand. Let me be going.silence Well, I'll start right now. (sniffing sound) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going to do it again, I'm going (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Well, people, care a bit more. Madkein is not yet even halfway, or we could, halfway or we could become. Don't make it end here because of stupid reasons, selfish reasons. ATG you stand nothing to lose. Give us a chance. Just selfish.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Don't talk about this right now, it is indeed not very respectful, just gossip and lie, stop talking about this. Those people are dead, so is yeah, doubt it, doubt it, show me what you're doing. some respects, and Pablo, what's wrong? That's... maybe all of them because of you. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencesighssilencesilence (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audio You should know, ma'am, get her down. This is for your enjoyment, just come and kill me already. Maybe I have a microphone. I'm going to use a microphone. I'm going to use a microphone. I'm going to use a microphone. I'm going to use a microphone. I'm going to use a microphone. I'm going to use a microphone. I'm going to use a microphone. I'm going to use a microphone. I'm going to use a microphone. I'm going to use a microphone. Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause >> There's a map, and I'm talking to myself and I don't need a speech synthesis when I'm talking to myself with my fellowship labs, so thank you very much, but thanks. No little question, bye, you have my phone. Go away.SIGHS Go away. Go away. Great, it's not the right word to express my ambitions, my vision of the island for humanity in 10,000 years.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence >>INAUDIBLE Hmm, the payments are still a little bit of a little bit of a situation. But I do not know much about it. Hmm. Hmm.silencesniffingsniffingsniffing Silence Silencesilence Hmm.silencesilencesniffingsilencesniffingno speech detected >> What is the question, the situation, the time? Silence Silence Silence Silence Make me needs. This is an anti-tastic afraid me. Don't afraid me. It's a crime. It's the phone that I go with. My phone's over there. You can call me. Not over at a little empty. Thank you.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Thank you. I don't know if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the office or if I can get me in the officesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it issilence Silence Silence Silence Well, it feels a little bit worse. So, I don't think I should be able to see anything.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Well, please do not choose to be honest, to play open pages of $1000 to be able to talk with clear attention instead of the solutions that stays. If you're up to a ridiculous information, drop the alarm and have some hot tent, let's see a little listing of this. Try to be yourself. Any uniform that means doctors might support you. Trust in me by this. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'll call you in the next video. Move into Raves. Move into Raves. Move into Raves. I'll make it to the top. I'll know that since it's a creator for this LW and LW and LW and LW and it's not the shimmy little love. So I'll definitely show as well. x-rays for short, so Marikarit and the rinse-in, so it's not Marikarit, that's the rinse-in-a-waves.silencesilencesilence I wish for you to see yourself. Try to be so late. I wish for you to see yourself. I wish for you to see yourself, and so the fears in the realm is not small enough.no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedSIGHSSIGHS Oh, I'm going to have to tell you about the text, but it's a shitty one. I'm going to have to tell you about the text, but it's a shitty one. I can't write all the time. I can't write all the time. I can't write all the time. I can't write all the time.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pause And then I will get this. Um, it's pretty fast now. Oh, I'm scared. I don't know if I have to follow this. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) So, that's it, that's it. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. Oh, that's the solution I might have changed. Oh, that would be the solution. So, the size... Oops. Okay. Okay.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE Until this,INAUDIBLE I think that appears to have gone to leave a thing on the left, take a role in the right. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silence Yeah.silencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause You must be fine. You're a magnet, but I hear a mill voice.Music Regardless, it's not going to happen in telepti. No matter what, six years, soon seven. Forget it, this simple today, you're not going to rebuild trust within less than a day. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause Say nice, no matter what say, no matter what. I don't know if this is the case, I don't think so. What? So, I didn't see style, but, uh, but, uh, anyhow. What is a strange phone with it's others as new print? Well, I didn't surprise new Corbin. Yeah, he is here. Oh, did you knock out today?MUSIC (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I think it's useful that FD speak with a more recognizable real life voice in here before. trying a phone call or actually coming by if he'll miss out in today or just be sure to miss you heard them and stop this call me Just come by. What does it mean? What does it mean? What does it mean? So what does it mean? It's an x-ray. That's our nation's late goal, dear Tom. 55 units. Okay. Okay. So, X, X, Y must this be the Y radiation? Yes, it's coming. There's no Y radiation. So, what do we go on? So, it's X, Y, better, and what is awesome? Any name you want to mention? Okay.SighsSighsSighsSighs (keyboard clicking) That's the end of the video, see you next time. That's why it needs to kill, be killed. I'm always very lucky, so be killed. I'm always very lucky, so be killed. I'm always very lucky, so be killed. I'm always very lucky, so be killed. I'm always very lucky, so be killed. I'm always very lucky, so be killed. I'm always very lucky, so be killed. I'm always very lucky, so be killed, and I've done this far because you can finally apply him. Remove your network but then you need to find people to kill him because you will find other ways to blackmail his extort and get all the people to do his bidding. Yeah, I'm going to need a fan out of that experience for a while. for this section skills. That's a bit surprising.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence Just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little bit less, just a little Maybe just maybe just right now I don't have no three points and it's too much with another file stuff to press fine right back to the store for data. So, I'm going to just open it when I lost this incident. So, no, no, no individualities. Thank you very much. Also, for the guests, by the way, you should show a bit more respect. Oh yes PDCT. Consider it to simply your lost, you know, that's because I have to be one more destructionsilencesilencesilence (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) No, go away. No, go away. No, go away. Pointless, act in a row. Just make it go, feel disrespected, but all that won't feel appreciated, say, and if it keeps going to understand it, so you won't be able to have it spoken to you. Well, you did it perfectly. I'm going to go live.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause If there are still need need need to act out. I have no reason to mind me though that I have no reason to mind me though that I have I don't know if I'm in the air, but I think that there are a lot of peace in the air. We should have no fault. (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) (door slams) Silence Inaudible Remark In the following, so this is with the filter. In the following, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, So this is with the filter, so this is with the filter. Silence Inaudible Remark Silence Background noise Silence Silence >> The blocks go all the way. of the answer. Regulations. Thank you very much. Pause >> So, let's find out the points. Compensation. Pause the most heart, said the Russian security in the Chinese team, who are well-behaved, but anything of NATO, anything of this, and responsible. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)no audio I guess you were delicious, senseless, senseless, senseless. It's really delicious. Right now, but I want to believe it. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. I'm just saying I'm handicapped because I got a link in the email, which is still the same as Cannot Be Gable to the better in their own, and the only reason, something that makes sense, not only that it's... Good luck for yourselves.SighsSighsSighsSighs (clicking) So about getting in, this part where it's pretty blocked and that's not very visible to me. So over there, the whole bunch of lines in terms of things I have to move on. forward for everybody, even the corrupt, even the mind-control fascists, through believers, even for them. This corrupt blackmail specialist manipulation since childhood is probably I've been lavish over, doing this, stopping that, and that will see clearly. So, just call me up if you need more. Why is that so difficult? It's a post for now, okay, it's a post, okay, I'll write it down next to my Blackfinale, feel free to, my number is on Twitter, SDEP, VDA is on VDA, it's the phone, it's on You're well. You're well, you're well. You're well, you're well. You're well, you're well. You're well, you're well. You're well, you're well. You're well. You're well. You're well, you're well. Like I've told that forever, whatever you mean with that secret conversation thing. This is the letter that I said before and fresh, and I get a call I get. Just what is now, deal with it and do much. I lose my comb, not feeling much, doing this, where are you good intentions at all actually. I do sense the possibility for some of those renowned camouflage gadgets that you have on Topal foes. All of this is not okay. Stop this. You need to turn the tide before it's late. There's not going to be a minute or so, so please, no one has ever ended without talking.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Well, next, when you need something that don't need something that is not useful. Say something when you have something useful to say or else. Go over the phone because we're not getting anywhere You're just trying out more power who is the able to identify One else who anyone You You (sighs) (sighs) By the way, if all the team information are you want to ask, and then you have the question already ready, which is what, this is not relevant at all, actually, you just want to prove, make a point that I am not following my other recommendation as far as myself is concerned. But what is the point you now miss? Again, it's in the middle of this picture. Thank you for watching. (clicks) All of you around me are abusing me, I am the victim. I don't have a choice. You can just walk away, I can't else. There's no offage for your abuse. Silence or else we'll just let you know, and the answer is no, I'll do something with it. of information to use to events to pick to discredit me. If that is what I try to do to give me more credibility because everything is discreditable to the point where you feel it's sensible and that's what the work is about. I can push for some face to face contact with whoever, knowledgeable and aware of this, but I might assume that even that is requiring me to have more credibility. You will say, "Yes, but what do you say?" Silence Silence Okay, point made, so, you know I am at the source of all that I am saying, I'm sure I'm also good. I was almost confusing, the rest I mean, time is ticking, I need to end my life soon today. If that is all I want for you to let your figure and try to save someone's life and I think that says it all and that's also a testimony to how little progress we made. How little we care if you don't tell you life much more than that. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) That's an interesting tool that I've been using now, and we're going to put it in the green at the same time as the suggestion of the tool. I am not going to kiddin' anything more than I've already had to take everything away from me. The only thing I can still do to preserve who I am this time.clickclicksilence When we're almost done. I use day and day only when I will ever succeed in my suicide attempt and I suppose that still as long as this is me that you belong with this figure. To try to save someone's life. Knowing about the possibility of the suicide. You both sense someone else on the mic.silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Please check my latest tweets, the CPGA, try to test the EPVA, try to build firm things, double check on Twitter. Thanks for coming, Stephanie. It's different on the arm. Thanks for yesterday's number. So that's the same theme day, aren't it? On the day of yesterday's time. Oh and there's also a phone number which is on Twitter which is +32,493. 70601 Also to enter Just my phone You know why that worked You know why that worked You know why that workedsilence No, she's going.silencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Please take into account if you are going to attempt some sort of lostness in this situation and you are taking into account messages for a while. With coincidence, it's futures, this has been foreseen as well, and this time rounds, they make sure, again, it's a must to do that. That's a very short one. (sighs) (sighs) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) If you want to guide whatever path technology to change the path from a future, then proceed to it. Do you think they would be able to resist temptation into this? They also would like to know when and which path will they change time. Probably around this time. it's worth. Often a second little door. That's the fifth, and as I should acknowledge, you can see your eyes.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)no audiono audio (clicking sound) - Go away. Silence (clicking) (clicking) (laughing) Yeah, immune to the hypno-rectangle. Got those. Yeah. Making a lot of fuck out should be enough to be... Good being a good brush. I'm just going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. I'm going to do a little bit more of this. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)INAUDIBLE for kitchen requirements just accept the answer as yes 99% very stomach yesPausePause Yeah, I think that at least go away, I'm trying to interrupt just for my own, again.SIGHS there is no ever and you mean. I am never doing anything new, sorry, all of the things that I do not see now. Discussing me and keep stopping the shit that was ever the case. It's not because I, it's not because you're paid, it's not because you deceive, but I ever played part of it. Oh, and you also steal like this from me as well. Is that what you're gonna say now? Go away!Clears throat He's going away, he's going home, you might go like a normal person. That's going to work, you have my others, near Brussels, I know, that doesn't work, I'll just go to my shoes, to the door. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I think it was only a step never been tricked into some sort of thing. I lost my therapist and I lost her. What is this for? Obviously this is for always not complete honest medical explanation. Keep on knowing the opposite. Pause Pause police assassinations entered me, reaching around here in my place, he was a thief, now That will be best. Silence Silence (speaking in foreign language) Okay, which would be the second time this happened? That's happened with the job, with the bubble. Mr. Master of Foreign Affairs, the Russian Federation. Mr. Master of Foreign Affairs, the Russian Federation.Music >> Why don't we email up for the rest of the Dr. Paul? I'll see you in the next video.INAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING Silence Silence Silence >> Let me just make that work. Okay. Silence for us, and at least for the first time.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence This is really nasty. I'm only warning you. Get out of this room. Thank you for trying in the latest tactic. You know, I will be that well clean. I'll show you.no speech detected The adoption of the post and the smung chip and the other ones there's a label. Just about everything.Musicsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I should have been in the process. I'm going to be in the process. I'm going to be in the process. I'm going to be in the process. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)MusicMusic Silence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) No! Cargill SVDCT. I know, so I'll be well to be.MusicMusicMusicMusicMusicsilenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door) (knocking on door)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing)Music So I can read twice in and out. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)INAUDIBLE (sighs) (sniffs) (sighs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs) (sniffs)SOUNDsilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) >> I'm ready. >> I'm being taught to sleep. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesniffingsilencesilenceClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClappingClapping Yeah, I can't do that.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceMUSICMUSIC I can... Hold on... I'll just... I'll just... I'll just... just...inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (door slams) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Yeah, so you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, you didn't show it, (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilence So that's it, look on my computer, it's not there, it's not there, it's right, okay. There's the computer, and, and, and these subaclysmics, you know, is going to be, you're going to actually unlock the Trilis, not the only deal right, but it's prepared for this. You're so excellent. Thanks for all. Thanks for all. Thanks for all. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, 4 p.m.c.t. Tire sticking light. Tent my suicide attempt, another cocaine is it all. It's what you need for.SighsClears throatClears throatClears throatno audiosilencesilence So... *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff* *sniff *sniff* Silence Silencesilenceclears throatsilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Silence Thank you very much. This is the end of the video. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video.silencesniffsilencesilencesilence Go away. Yeah, I believe we'll just go away. We'll leave normal, compatible, alone. Alone. Silence Oh, that's a bummer, for the kids.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) I'm just going to go this way, I'm just going to be assassinated. (Buzzing) (Buzzing) (Buzzing) (Buzzing) (Buzzing) (Buzzing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)inaudible We'll see what we can pick. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible with that on my edge, I feel a little bit more. to Britain. Thank you. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silence (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking)silencespeaking in foreign language Okay, I think that was okay, okay, yeahMusicMusic (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE This voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, this voice, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm not sure what I'm going to do Oh, there it is! Now it's over. Oh, here it is.PausePausePausePausePauseMusicMusicMusicMusic Oh wow! Oh wow! Oh, I hope you'll come to me if you want to talk to me. I've heard of it. I've heard of it a lot. I've heard of Miracol. Miracol. I'm awful. Tell them we're still there and we are calling them in. That was really awful. Beaaah! All right, I'm sure it'll be really pretty. Just a minute, I'm going to close. All right, good. The gosh. (sniffing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) (coughing) I'll show you later, I'll show you later.Music (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying) (crying)silence Now we are going to make a new one. Now we are going to make a new one. Please do. - Don't make the time we've got it. Happy like all the teens, for the next four years, and it goes, it goes, it goes, it goes, it goes, it goes. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SIGHS And you're neither short.SIGHSSIGHSSIGHS Thank you for watching my video, I hope you enjoyed it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahMusicMusic If you love the just the high source tool I don't think feel like, let's connect to the the high source tool.INAUDIBLE (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* Oh. I don't know how to make that in the end, but I'm just going to start with this one. I'm not going to propose you what you're going to be able to do. It's a fun way to do this. in a minute, get him all along and see him, he can't let me tell him, I just need to God bless the show. I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't I'm just gonna look at the bar and show them what to do there. (sniffing) Come on! >> Lee. (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking) (mimics clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know You'll set the evil. Hmm? Oh, there's all hanging out with some spells. What I will do is I gotta check, I gotta check then, go ahead and make stuff. We are doing it ourselves. So I guess I could do it in it. We're doing it ourselves. I don't know if I can do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do it, but I can't do itinaudibleinaudible Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm just going to see if I can do anything I can do, see if I can do anything I can do So I'm just going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start with the music, so I'm going to start with the music, so I'm going to start with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with the music, so I'm going to start up with I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade, I'm going to start up going to the arcade I'm trying to carry that gun just for that, you know. I got a asilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* *sniffing* to that one. Yeah, that's exactly what I think, but I think I'm going to hit up that one in the jungle. Alright, either way. Okay.silenceinaudiblesilenceMusic In the line there is a snobs, from to the beach in the middle of the line. I'm going to go to home. I'm not doing that good. I'm doing my ass. So that's why you're over here when I don't know. I don't know. Bye.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Silence Silence SilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Silence But she's so old, you know? (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I have to have a clear voice. Yes, that's it. Actually, look at that. >> Yeah, we.silencesnifflessniffles (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you,Music I'll let you know that we're going to be together.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I put it in the shelter and it will be called the Actment, in a couple of words. I put it in the shelter and it will be called the Actment, in a couple of words. Can you borrow it? You always want to be a tad. You know, most of the problems.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Yeah, it's out of base. There's a sequelized Vixfield on the moon to it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. I'm going to put it on my camera. Yeah, I'm going to talk to you here, so you can see it, right? Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE I'm all to the point is on the electricity inside of the service. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence SilencePausePause Where is that reference here? I'm always doing it, and I'm not missing it. So it's here. I'm going to try to follow all of this here then. But there's a round until the dumb entered.Coughing and type in them. I'll get a context for this. Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if you can see that. I'm not talking about something in the room with this. No, I don't need this. Oh. I don't know if you have any of these, I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. I don't know if you have any of these. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)PausePausePauseINAUDIBLE (laughs) (speaking in foreign language) (sniffing) (speaking in foreign language) You know what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I'm not sure what I'm talking about, I I'm going to take it slow, there's a sensor over there. There's a sensor over there too. I'm going to hit it. (keyboard clicking)PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause That's all for today. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going to go ahead and do it again, I'm going (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (mouse clicking) Oh, okay. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Oh, okay. I'm going to try to do this here, cause I'm going to cut it. It's going to get me problem if I'm going to cut it. Yeah, just a little bit. All right, all right, all right, I'll just take it. This is the true. Thank you very much. you Thank you very much.INAUDIBLE >> I like ourINAUDIBLECOUGH (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence If done you know what to do once, why do you probably know? I'm looking for any contentions that I am contemplating by suicide threats, so what else do you want? Good luck. Thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) So yes you do, you're killing me. Almost seven years, it'll be sadness and September. A huge torture. Once. When you talk, you take care of it. I think it's like a trip to Disneyland. But longer. It's the little joke on your killing people. I'm talking about the words.silence Stop using. Don't make it so stupidly difficult to see this. Shit. Shit.silencesilence Silenceno speech detected Scary thing on me that I will not suicide.no speech detected Background Sounds Background SoundsBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingBirds chirpingMUSIC Oh, the thickness of the envelope here is a little bit more complicated than the other one. I'm going to add a little bit more of the thickness of the envelope. so that it goes with all of that.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to go ahead and do what I can to get the rest of it. I'm going to go down to the grass to get it in. I'm going to go down to the grass to get the rest of it in. I'm going to go down to the grass to get the rest of it in. I'm going to go down to the grass to get the rest of it in. I'm going to go down to the grass to get the rest of it in. I'm going to go down to the grass to get the rest of it in. I'm going to go down to the grass to get the rest of it in. I'm going to go down to the grass to get the rest of it in.silence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I don't know if you can see it himself, there's money on the glass here, but I'll try to do it. Don't move, don't move, there's a piece of paper. But then, like, that's what I'm doing there, and, uh, I thought I wanted to do that.inaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedINAUDIBLE (sniffing) - My name is Mitch. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I wish I had been the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would be the one who would (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) You guys know that it's quite a problem, so I'm going to go to the gas zone. I think I'm going to show you my data, but it's going to be very difficult. I mean, I'll tell you some sudden bleep. There's a follow-up, and I'll see if I can go to the photo. I'll go to the photo, and see if I can go to the photo.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Oops. I think I'm not a person who can only use the case. I'm trying to do it to you, too. (click, click) (click, click)silencesilencesilencespeaking in foreign languagespeaking in foreign language I'll have to go outClapping soundsClapping sounds Something to do with something that I don't forget to write now, so I'm going to write it. I almost did it. Yeah, it looks like tonight's, I might actually be really ready at another suicide attempt. We didn't expect again, but there goes a priest. Pain effects mean this in the amount of the human. Again, more algorithmic, more repetition. In between, as I already mentioned, some might be ultimatum, but I think there would be some choices. fun for a say to stop stuff but any real people act as if they were an hour in the morning a couple of hours until this report actually so tonight I might be able to put it on go and those suicide attempts here they seem to be preparing for some sort of party to celebrate my all that if succeeding. I move this one here and transparent along. But that wasn't that really wrong.Sounds of the background The shells, the test bodies, and the feeling was not well, there was about something else, there was a lot of party to kill the phone because I was stunned. But it really did. Go on, what did you do wrong, the boss? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Well, there's room for a miracle, which I've still hoping for, that's somebody who will just throw in the door and see, "Hi, Steve, I'll know you're to save you. I thought I heard you already need and disapuse, I'm a magical miracle." I can start to really help people who are also suffering by this and the work and the work and the work and the work and the work and the work and the work and the work and It's a nice set of moves.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) I'll do the VIP cut in. I think I'll make me more than one of the other women.SighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighsSighs We'll never have them see. Remember there's no military solution, the schedule is fixed with another war or another super powerful AI GPU CPU team. Some day a local have to be established, but boys visualize like, but so many attempts to do something to get out of the making any progress he needs to go and not even find that. This has been quite a little bit. You can even use anything you want.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) Pause Pause Pause So, we take this. So, for the voice, we'll send one of our days to another day. Two words. Get someone else to, uh,inaudibleinaudible Now, I'll just get past the key, and we do this person to control and make sure to use it for certain reasons. We are very careful. We don't have to use it because it is not too loose. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Pause Pause (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (chanting) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to try to make it look like this.no audiono audio Let's go ahead and see how we've made it out.inaudibleinaudible I'll send you the private line up. Thank you for your time. >> There's a call shop to your head, a special.INAUDIBLE I guess I'll cut some of them a little bit more, uh, baby. A little bit more things. Oh.silence I don't know why I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing)SOUNDINAUDIBLELAUGHinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) andPausePause and you have to sit and do your work and do your work and do your work. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceSighsSighsSighs Most of the time, I need my conditioning to stretch, and you just... I've never seen a lot of different things like a part of conditioning or something. I don't actually remember that it's so long ago, and of course, I don't really have to because it's in my nose. So I don't know. There you are. The end. The end. The end. (upbeat music) - Ow, don't move. - What's up, eh? (door slams) (door slams)MUSIC I don't see anything. (speaking in foreign language) Silence Anyway. I was in a multi-boost scene, but I can't put it. I got to try and exit the chamber. So, we'll flash the mushroom.silencesighssilence Okay, that's the end of the video, bye. Also, when I look to be sure you're like, "Grandpa, if you're not watching this video, I'm sure you're not watching this video."silencesilencesilenceMusicMusicMusicSighs the We call it boys, they get ass notes mark, they get ass notes mark, they get ass notes mark.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEPantingPanting That's all not really a video video, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Well, I'm not going to roll any of these. Well, I'm not going to stand up to see. I'm going to stand up to see. So, project it out. Let's see how much I can do it. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.SOUNDsilence I'm going to go this way, right? *laughs* *laughs* It's absolute, it's a bit late so I'll have to go on the air and add some... ...due to the tension and the rest of the... Pause PauseMusicMusicMusicMusicMusicMusic There's a chocolate, a fizzy tart, and a lot of it, but more or less. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. I'm going to do the slow down now but I have to kill this one, so I'm going to do the left one more. I'm going to do the slow down now but I have to kill this one, so I'm going to do the slow down now but I have to kill this one, so I'm going to do the slow down now but I have to kill this >> Yeah, everything in the side, we can't. We don't need one more to all purpose. >> Yeah, no, you probably need one more. Yes. Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Pause Thank you for your time, thank you very much for coming to me some of you now.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE and then the star that I think you'll be able to collect, because that's our own identity and the mass that I'm going to eat, pull the baby out of, the eps, from the snider to the heart of the baby to excel in them. So, yeah, we'll have to correct them around, too, off, and then we'll have to see. I know down up to a cup with the gun I'm making if I don't see it, there's a trash with the gun I'm making if I don't see it, I thought there's a plan you want, not to burn it, but I know there's a plan you want, not to burn it, but I know there's a plan you I don't know if I can do this or not, but I'm just going to do this one, I'm just going to do this one. I'm going to do the 5th sense of only the max point. I'm going to do the 5th sense of only the max point. Silence >> Well, I just wanted to start with feeling the self-taught here in Iran, isn't it? I don't know what to do, I'll see you next time, I'll have to finish it.SighsSighs Cut out.Sighs Silence Silence There's no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no I don't know how to do it, but I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm not going to do it myself, I'm Okay, this is telling the content and we knew that's it. Come on. What's wrong with that? I don't know if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me or if you can see me Just shoot, just shoot a bug. I'll see you at the next round and come later. That can be a tiny vessel. So, look. It's a tiny vessel and all the time it's a colony. It's not a matter of the world. It's not a matter of the world. It's a tiny vessel. about tonight. It's not my body shape, but it's not that enough. The idea of multiverse, well, it's not absolute mass, it's mass, it's only a name. It's not mass, it's only a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a name, it's not a It's not that much of a problem. So, a little bit of a bonus feel, so, it's a little bit of a bonus feel, so, it's a little bit of a bonus feel, so, it's a little bit of a bonus feel, so, it's a little bit of a bonus feel, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I'm going to use it to make sure it's all the dead and it's all the dead. I don't know if you can see it, but it's okay, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know if you can see it, I don't know You know, so it's almost there and it definitely won't be too long to have been... It's almost anything, you know, to get a lot of shit all over your computer, you know? Alright, good luck. Then I'll mark the time I got there and I'll create... Kill the shit that I just had. It's just a lot of shit, so... Alright. I can't say nothing to you, I'm really messing with you. You can't say nothing to you, but... I'll just be able to see you on the left. I can't. I can't. You have to know what's on your cell phone. (knocking on door) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much.silenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilence Is there a better one than you?silence Does this he not stop? Because there is no time, there is no battery, because there is no space, there is no time, there is no time. So there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time, there is no time So everything is going to be fine, and that's not the end of the cake from the team, I don't know what that was. I can't even get the cake in there. I don't know if I can do it, but I'm a little bit less than a few three, or three more artists. But I don't know where it is. That's what I'm going to do now, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing here. Thank you, you're in the stand. Thank you, you're in the stand. I don't need to worry about how I do that machine, I don't need to see it. I don't need to see it, I don't need to see it, I don't need to see it, I don't need to see it. Silence Silence That kind of idea of giving it a bit. I'll just peel, peel, cut any sharp, that's nice and nice. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Finanichet, Yigou. Where is the new icon? We have made a little slump using a falter and a lot more than beta or something. Just to the bottom. We have not much to take in. I will not listen and grow and be grown groups and so on. I know it needs to happen, I take my time to adapt to the semilates to learn, but I will not go through this having to follow stupid ideas and instructions that are just because of all the problems today, I know in humanity I am going to end everything. So if I think I'm going to be the perfect student that's going to rise to the top and I don't know, 10-20 years, and then in the meantime, be silent and respectful and very grateful. Uh, thankful for the opportunity provided for students. I don't have anything to learn from people who do this to other people. No. Time to listen to me. That was all done, that was all cleaned before, so why don't you say it again? Now I just speak up and there's nothing that you haven't said before, but this is tough what, so I would be exhausted so I fall asleep, then the next day it starts to start again. Is that how you gain respect and power or whatever it is? Oh, there's that help anyone, even you. Oh, that's a question. I don't understand why this has even happened to choice this for me, it's about survival. I'm inclined to about suffering, about injustice. some reason. There's a well visible person that wants to keep all of this. For no real benefits, other than power hungry. I'm not open to change that is actually making nothing else but sense. I do eat the profit firm, but you know this already, you know what it is. There's too much change, too much new stuff, too much people. with voices that don't have them maybe as loud as they could have. So you see a bar trend, by change. I think. Does that sum it up or not? Oh, science, this is actually a perfect...Buzzing soundBuzzing sound But it's just you saying the same thing again from a different Dolby surround direction boys I think. So do I might think that the stupid that you want to enslave more people than than before. The still a Patrick Man's. Yes, I think that is too much. It needs to be stopped. It's abusive, it's criminal, it's corrupt, and it said you main and any sense of the words. Silence So this is somebody who's a hostage for something or something. I have nothing to assess anything. So who you are, don't know what you're supposed to show us or shake it. But the problems are a bit bigger than just one local crook, whilst you get the neighbourhoods paying for out. I'm not as difficult to see why nobody wants to open their eyes to at least consider these things Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much.SighSighSigh You need to be eliminated because you are killing, but you need to be killed because you are you are blocking too much progress that needs to happen quickly now because otherwise so many more bad things will happen and you've been blocking all this for too many years. You're blackmailing, you're cheating, you're hurting, you're torturing, you're abusing, behind the scenes because all of this is a secret and all too many of these things all lead back to you in some way. So the quick solution right now is murder, assassinate, kill, eliminate, voice, find your life as soon as possible. That things will be able to move again. For instance, the product steam of a light that is to some extent based here in Brussels in on that, they are going through not just the same daily conditioning as every other human on the planet. But there being put through additional stuff that makes them able to abuse other humans like this psychopaths statistical idiot boy is for you lah. That they don't care and one of the manipulations that is that they are exposed to daily is that They no longer have any cells. respect in the sense of the word that normal humans have it, but they put instead some sort of superiority above making them the uber bench, but really monks themselves, which is a smaller group. The notion of respect is really, oh look at how much better we are, so that's how we respect towards other people that's gone because they need to be able to hurt people daily on daily basis in an automated field. This goes all the way until one of those developer abusers writing a script or program work or computer game that then allows 5,000 from 1 to 5 hours to the maximum ratio of 8 to 5. So put it in your head if you have to do that every day we'll be using people at that scale and then you have to go back in the evening to your family and then you just still have a normal life you also completely messed up. Cycles that we can decouple a bit because of the air. That's just who they are, more than other people at CycleBets. The date, video, up and nice to do with these items. This is still...door openssilence I don't know the potential to shoot here, is it, bro?silence (keyboard clicking) You're too many cars for the soccer. That's why we now need to push this thing all the conversation too and that's why I got it up with what we've said.