[00:02:01.12] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silence Next, here's the next one.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) - Mama.silencesilence Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Yeah, I mean, I don't want to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be in the middle of the game, so I'm going to be *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh* *Sigh*no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Now you can now land zone of mark from the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Yes. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) And there's a lot of stuff you have to put in the space of this market really. If you need this, I'll put it in the color in the zone. Ah, but when I saw one thing, I had a feeling that I was going to have some of the pain. I only had a third of the pain in the deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep Only a third from the end of the day, two third from the most, the least many previous, much easier than that.PausePausePauseinaudibleINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE Welcome to the evening. Yeah, I'm going to. So if you want me to put out a new whisper, I'd like to go out and see if I can do it. We are going down, we're coming in, it's fixed, we're going to be in the same place. We're going down, we're coming in, it's fixed, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place, we're going to be in the same place We are going to be in the same place, and I still don't know what it was, but I'm not sure if I was wrong about the earth. I was in heaven, but I was smart enough to tell you that I didn't know what it was. Also, that all the feelings of what that's in your mouth were telling us. So, there's a thousand of them, and then, to see that, there's a million of them. There's a chip. So, no, no, no. There's a flip-flop, and these are... I don't know this. I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time, I'm going to talk to you all the time and I will not read it out against the rules. you you you I'm going to call by a number of the press here, and I'm going to be able to see that (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) So, this is the first time I have done this, this is the first time I have done this.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. Thank you very much for your time, thank you very much. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)INAUDIBLE And then we are going to have a little bit more depth and depth which have a little bit of depth and depth, and then we are going to have a little bit more depth and depth which have a little bit of depth I'm going to help him to touch this. Another piece to fight for you guys. Come on, let's do it.no speech detected And you know there's a list of new moves. I'm going to be last to announce you with this. So I think I wrote these kind of songs. I don't know if it's really small or something. I think it is. So I'm... So now I'm going to ask Bill B, say, about the system that's going to be in there. I'm going to look for the other plots in the process where they call it like that. That's right. That's right. Yeah, emotion, yeah, emotion, yeah, it's nice to see you next time, yeah, not so clear.FOREIGN Take a bunch. I don't know how to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it's going to be a good idea to say it, but I don't think it Oh, there's no more noise at this. I don't know how to explain it, but I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I have to explain it to you, I (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, I'll turn on the room. I'll turn on the lights and I'll turn on the lights. I'll turn on the lights and I'll turn on the lights and I'll turn on the lights. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)Silence Oh, please.inaudibleinaudible >> Respectful still.SilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilenceSilence And that's it, thanks for watching.no speech detectedno audioMUSIC >>INAUDIBLE (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) So, in a beautiful, and effective, and a social operator, and you will, as telepartisist after this, uh, I forgot to mention... and then I'll just look at the shield and see if I get it, but yeah, I think that's it I think that's itclickclickclickclickclick Silence (laughs) I'll be over there in the next section of the line, is that all I'm going to do, I'm I'm going to be in the second half of the video, I'm going to follow the second half of the video. I'm going to like to run like you, I'm going to run like you, I'm going to run like you. I'm going to run like you, I'm going to run like you. I'm going to run like you, I'm going to run like you. Silence Silenceno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected It's just to be explained to me. You know, it's such a ten thousand.PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseINAUDIBLE I guess it's there, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is. Let me lick your hearts. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected So that's all for today, and I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Oh my ears, here, should I? Well, now I'd be in bed, because I can install false... I can... belong here accounts I'm afraid that the people who live or do not do anything I'm afraid that the people who live or do not do anything I'm afraid that the people who live or do not do anything I'm afraid that the people who live or do not do anything I'm afraid that the people who live or do not do anything I'm afraid that the people who live or do not do anything I'm afraid that the people who live or do not do anything I'm afraid that the people who live or do not do anything I'm afraid that the people who live or do not do anythingsilence Silence Silence Silence . . . Silence Silenceinaudibleno audiono audio I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. No, I'm just going to be using the word of the name of the slide and it's going to be a little bit more direct to the name of the top of the string so I'm just going to take a closer look.silencesilencesilenceMusicMusic And you can go to the next one. Go to the next one. You can go to the next one. You can go to the next one. You can go to the next one. You can go to the next one. You can go to the next one. You can go to the next one. You can go to the next one. You can go to the next one. You can go to the next one. You can go to the next one. You can go to the next one.no audiono audiono audioinaudible and more than three deletions. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silencesilencesilence Silence Silence Silence Silenceno audio We are not going to send you all satellite geats, go up in the inculverant area. I'm going to put it in. It's going to be a streamer. I'm going to put it in. I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll keep the touch set, now I'll I'll play that one and then I'll obviously go to the end and go to the other side for you to want to do it. Another difficulty if so, there's a bit of... ...not a double beat to a break to come around the toilet and then you should have to do it. Background noise Background noise Background noise It's a very, very easy work, you know. I mean, you have a lot of new things, new things, new things. You'll never know. You'll never know. You'll never know. You'll never know. You'll never know. You'll never know. You'll never know. You'll never know. You'll never know. You'll never know. You'll never know. You'll never know. You'll never know. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more, and I need almost a few other familiar stuff. I don't know if it's going to be 30 or 30 or so, but it's going to be pretty good. So it's a bit of an indication that it's going to go off on the case. I don't know if it's going to be a second or a second. So I'm going to talk to you all the time. We're going to have to go back to the building. I have two men who are going to be here. Well, I don't know what they're going to say.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds >> This is a live, so it's not the work that is ours in me. Background Sounds Another complicated one off. No, that's... You have to turn it in. If you touch in on the future, I'm only done. I'll be lying, and just...it's a problem. That's the thing. and completes the attack to the plant, the then the resources left, the dead, as a verdict, and were not no less than oibesis for to go to the dead, and that's what I'm doing with team tactics. Silence Silence I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. I'm going to go to the next page. Yeah, it was actually just a little bit of a small amount of time to show you what the money you're looking for. Okay. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm going to need that in the next page. What time? Yeah, and I'll set some other things and I'll be security at the moment. Okay, and that's not even there, just a small light switch, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, not a lot of things, I don't know if you're going to get the risk, but I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the risk, I'm not going to get the Here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, here are the six, Silence Silence the the I'm going to give all of this most of the telepathy that I can use available on this. Thank you very much.SIGHS of the fixed values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the values of the valuesMusicMusicMusic I'm going to cut it out a little bit just a little bit more, just a little bit more. I'm going to cut it out a little bit more, just a little bit more. I'm going to cut it out a little bit more.silencesilenceMusicMusicMusic Just, I'm going to take a slidesy call, though.silencesilence I don't know what to do now, no.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Inaudible Remark I'm going to finish the stairs back stairs, I'm going to each of you finish the stairs down. I'm going to each of you finish the stairs down. I'm going to each of you finish the stairs down. Background Soundsinaudible So, I'm just going to say Buddhist al-Wegh. So, I'm going to say Buddhist al-Wegh. I'm going to say Buddhist al-Wegh. So, I'm going to say Buddhist al-Wegh. So, I'm going to say Buddhist al-Wegh. So, I'm going to say Buddhist al-Wegh. So, I'm going to say Buddhist al-Wegh. So, I'm going to say Buddhist al-Wegh. So, I'm going to say Buddhist al-Wegh. So, it's a little bit like a little turquoise, so it's the manager of the bubbleglobes. But, I'm so late for this video. So, these two are placed, so all the pranks are placed in the possible two place. So, this is the first one, this is the first one, this is the first one, this is the first one, and that's a thing to you, and I need to be autonomous. You know, if you're supposed to be, it's not enough for the outside. It needs to be a mechanism for all the interagent detection systems to show just that so that you can be able to report back to the audience and then I think I try to be more standing once I've been standing above to try to stand (singing in foreign language) maintain the level of all in which criteria the strength must analyze and set it on, and now I'm thinking of which one I am, the next one. the end. We have a spin-off id to remove the end of the spin-off id to remove the end of the spin-off id. . Silence Silence So, I don't see getting a branch, so I think I'll study particle physics. Sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I First of all, I mean... ...if you could sing a lot of songs, you know... ...and it's time to have a sing. So, one is a mistake, one is to learn. I always should have a load of the name I could have built up, I'll send it on my off-road and go online for a while. Ah, what did that note put me in, or else the name I want to just go to? And I'll take it to explore and then I'll just see. Good App. Sure. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Silence Silence I still didn't know that either I will let myself be sweet and be convinced and dehydrated that it was me too. I still feel wrong. I let the wrong ideas and therefore I will not explore them for myself. like it might do anything. How can 90 units is in doubts? The main thing is it is in doubts, the leather and more about it, and then let's see what the paper almost like at my degree in physics. so be able to fare well this, and we will most specifically, so be able to explore those like these what we always have in our games, and stuff, seeing them all as well in our games, on a paratting It's not about as before, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's completely wrong, it's I'm just sitting in this way, if you do it as narrow, but it's a terrible sign, it's still all being off, but it couldn't in it's for me to understand that metallic soup to pick a flight about always wrong, and when it went out, things better, it's just, no, this, it's very, it's in the middle of the day, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's So I was back to the painting, starting and then making a cute stop name of the beef on meat to go on with all my notes about physics before I start studying physics, and the last one is today, which I just, which is the most, that I saw a lot yesterday. Not to deteriorate it properly in the mirror special. So down the ceiling, I don't many of this, and even if I say "Oh, I don't leave any of it", but that's all about stuff before, because I was a hero, and lastly something, something to motivate me was... to imagine it, to make me revisit and uh, Clarison detail everything I wrote out. That is possible but I can only imagine what I was going to want to be, so what I was going to do is, oh, I'm not going to wait a bit longer than I've been doing before, so why would I want to go back and know what I was going to do to make a very significant amount of things, so I need to learn to hear what I was going to do.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) To be honest, clearly, stuff. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. >> Yeah, yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yes, I know. That's why I've been doing this. which seems to be specific. You can hear that. You can see that. I didn't hear that.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Silence Silence I'll see you in the next video, good luck and I'll see you in the next video, good luck and I'll see you in the next video. Bye bye. Bye bye.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible I'm just trying to be... I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit of a question now, I'm just going to get a little bit I'm going to give you my new guys this, I'm not going to swallow them. This is meeting the criteria for the bubble. Yes. Jones. I don't know, I don't know what's going on here. I'm not trying to get back to New Jersey, I don't know what's going on here. You can do it for the bubble, it means you're all kind of doing it, you can do it for the bubble, it infects. Why is it using us as a story not? It's our English. But when we were six years and a half, Oh, so, well, I still...silenceinaudible Okay. So, but if this is not needed, it's a good thing, but there you also have a little bit of difficulty in questions that you can answer. If you're not interested in what I'm doing, it's just abuse, you don't know what you want to program. To do... to this point. Yeah, I'm a little bit on here, I'll see. Everyone conditions in your social care. Everyone... Ah, complete. It's the only moment. Nobody will be here. So whatever, no stress or complain about.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Background Sounds Background Sounds I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn't call a meeting that, I just didn to make up its mind first of all if this is something good to relax, just say this. So why do I say this is because I want to get some response about all the stuff in the system to tell doing which I never really have been in the other situation. So come up with a few puzzles and we can use data points and whatever, and see if you're interested in quality. So come to form. Basically, the problem is, come up with a new piece of the problem. Why do you need to do that? You need to do that. You need to do that. You need to do that. in the next few minutes. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Yeah but I only need you to rest in tune. What is some of the details? The stuff that you're looking for?silencesilencesilence Well, that's certainly not what he's been knowing. So, the Fulton team has confidence in their players and they are now at the end of the program. Fulton team is a problem. The only problem is that they are going to come to the end of the game. They are going to come to the end of the game. I have to get the chance to win. Okay, I'm going to pop up. Okay. Okay.SilenceSilence Silence Silence I'm going to add a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little Silence Silence So, this is for this you have, this is for this you have, this is for this you have, this you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have Silence SilenceINAUDIBLE And it always needs to be diverted to something that's a marketing thing that can be and gently spit pull and it's just slow and it has to be slow and it's not working and it's fine and it will work. Well then let me pull it off.silence Background noise And again, going back to this, I'm going to show it to Alexander, perhaps all of this Chant, and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and time to keep the whole thing a secret. I wish you a lot of good luck. You're still a bit too soon.no audiono audio We're going to see some of these in the bottom.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYINGMUSIC PLAYING I mean, you're able to talk about this, you're too much of a pervert, you know. Start the horse because of this. Start the horse because of this. Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark Imagine that was the worst case. Silence Silence Silence and all the new women in society. To the new generation. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So the question is can you tell people about this? I think yes, and I think you only will be able to assume the first novel read. Being on face, being on the side of the screen.Pauseinaudibleinaudible I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do, I think it's a lot of work to do it's to build an access to something.silencesilence >>INAUDIBLE Silence Silencesilencesilence I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle of the screen, so I'm going to use the same thing on the middle that there is protection in this row that is in the manager of the row that's still at the alternative point so what I needed to do is to start building the alternatives, and as soon as you have something ready to try it out, then not just to be able to do it, you need an agreement from the part of the buffer to do this, and to get an agreement from the buffer to do this. under the background of Muffin, you need to start to explain to them the voice values. I can leave a chat to anybody on the planet because he doesn't care about anything, and I can stand to it, so push, push, push, push. Push, push, push. If you want to know the tray, there's a lot of fuel as you can see. Try to test it. Test it as I will do it. (keyboard clacking) - Let me sit there, let's see. Oh, happy birthday, folks. Oh, too bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) I'm going to start with a little bit more. I'm going to start with a little bit more.silence Pause PausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePause I don't know how to do that. I'm going to record a few videos of mine. I'm going to record a few videos of mine. I'm going to record a few videos of mine. I'm going to record a few videos of mine. I'm going to record a few videos of mine, and as I did, I was almost in a period of doing a daily job. Police or conflict use works of modest, you know, police works, police works, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, police work, I was almost in a period of doing a daily job, I was almost in a period of doing a daily job. I'm going to say my inventors as well as my vomit from a source of shit in the living house once again. Control permission in there and the violent protested part of the past is in, and it's and you don't see how it come out. I'm going to click on "Lumms" and start working on "Lumms" Click on "Lumms" and start working on "Lumms" Silence SilenceMUSIC I will make the lots and many more. opportunity to mention the online library test and I choose not to admit that you mentioned the online if you haven't mentioned the online if you haven't mentioned the online I'm not going to add more to it, but I'm not going to put it into the potty, I'm not going to add more to it.silencesilence Now the architecture, um...inaudibleinaudible Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Send him on, mandatory, uh, release, pay it, make it. I'm going to put him in the duster, in the door, but I'm not going to put him in the door. But you know, you must get it, especially if it's going to be 10 or 15. You know, it tells you there's a film machine and you go into it. that has access to everything you feel, to see all your inputs, or directly control by the tools, this is like a circle of a cross, to see, hear, feel everything.INAUDIBLE She will move it to a little quicker. Let's see.silencesilencesilencesilencesilence I'm going to do it in the face just as so we should not get to see me. of everything, feel it, feel it, felt it, feel it, felt it, feel it, feel it, feel it, feel it, feel it, feel it, feel it, feel it, feel it, feel it, feel it, feel it, feel it,INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to do a little bit of the data gaps. I'm going to do a little bit of the data gaps. I'm going to do a little bit of the data gaps. Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence You can set the red something, but I hope that's something that I am going to start with.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedno speech detected Now I've made and regulared my I'll just say a second and then you can go to 5x2, get him some help. Because he does not know how to heal anything. Which is the way his healings heal doesn't heal. game of anything anymore. Not even themselves, because in possibility also overrides the stuff that you should care about just for yourself to survive. Yeah, I mean it's completely insane. I have not finished. You'll be forced to make the link you will have to build the one else. But I like the way you will have to fill.silence Thank you. except that the recalling was done to the battery. So, the battery camera.POPPOPPOPPOPPOPPOP I hope this is something that is really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really Silence Silence Silence Silencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detectedsilence Oh, at least it's still working.silence It's a nice fit. Silence Silencesilenceinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) Let's have a mouse. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseno audiono audiono audiosilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sniffing sound) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)inaudible (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) SilenceINAUDIBLEinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. Yeah, what the heck are you talking about, you know? If you want to know how to do it, you can find the link in the description below, and you can find the link in the description below. If you want to know how to do it, you can find the link in the description below. If you want to know how to do it, you can find the link in the description below. (keyboard clicking) - Come on. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detected I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if it's because it's much better than anyone. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. as it's in the scenario for itself where we look from to analyze it through ten pencils and mark what is now in the scenario to have a tiny data piece as well then we have all the data that we have and then we have a tiny data piece and then we have all the data that we have and then we have all the data that we have and then we have all the data that we have I'm going to have a look for the precedent, but I'm going to have a bunch of mistakes to now. I'm going to have a lot of mistakes. I'm going to have a lot of mistakes. I'm going to have a lot of mistakes. I'm going to have a lot of mistakes. I'm going to have a lot of mistakes. I'm not gonna do it. I'm gonna do the same thing. I'm gonna do the same thing. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to get the Delta 7 and press the button, so it can be turned on. I'm going to turn it on, so it won't turn on.laughs I'm going to get the Delta 7 and press the button on the left side. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silenceinaudible I don't know how to help, but so it's all... I don't know if you can see it, and that's it. In the end, I'll read this. I'll read this. It's still evident. I'm glad I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet you, I'm glad to meet youMUSIC I swear I don't understand what this means. I swear I swear I don't understand what this means. You Yousilence and then send the other edge I'll tell you now that I'm here to welcome my best friend, OK? Well, no, no. Even if you're right, it's the third day. I'll tell you now that I'm here to welcome my best friend, OK? (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence I had to spend the rocket that I put into the rocket and then throw it on the other point. up to the next one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, that's the one, in this, we're going to leave it in the end of the video. (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence >>INAUDIBLE >>INAUDIBLE 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the suns, 1g and a card out of the sunssilencesniff So, I'm going to take a minute, turn to the first room on the next level, switch and And to me, I'll try to proceed. So... I'm not going to...Music It's not even an option for them to win. Yeah, the night is a terrible part of the video. It's not even an option for them to win. It's not even an option for them to win.clickclickCLICKING (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)MUSIC (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilenceinaudible I'm not mentioning it, it's just...click, clickclick, clickno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected Silence Silence