[00:00:01.82] OneOdio FM1:	Silence Silence I'm just trying to stay for a few shows and to miss it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Okay, if you don't want to go to my website, go to my website, go to my website, go to my website, go to my website, go to my website, go to my website, go to my website, go to mysilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno speech detected Silence Silence Well, the next one is the last one. The next one is the last one. Silence Silence to do the entire eight or lots of your own to do. To do the two thing, to do the one step, I must say, to do the one step. Thank you. Silence (indistinct)silence I'm going to start on Thursday.silencesilence Silence Silence Silence (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) I'm going to make a content, you can write this in a book. But I was going to work on it. I'm going to make a content, you can write it in a book. I'm going to make a content, you can write it in a book. (keyboard clicking)no audiosilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language)silencesilencesilence I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I caught it. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I caught it. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I caught it. I'm sorry, I caught it. I'm sorry, I caught it.inaudibleinaudible Oh, it's already rep up already.inaudible Okay, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good Pause Pause the the You're going to be fine with all of that. This is so much, we're just so connected. We're doing okay. We're going to sit on the table. To be precise. I don't know what to do with this one, but it's a pretty good idea because it looks like a good reference. I don't know what to do with this one, but I don't know what to do with it.silencesilenceMusicsilenceinaudiblesilenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleINAUDIBLE Pause Pause I'm just going to see some of you know what I'm doing. Let's go. I'm going to grab a little more. I'm going to grab a little more. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Thank you very much. You You You You You You You You You Thank you for watching. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) How is the gentleness of the gentleness of the gentleness? You can use it as a tool to make it look nice and beautiful. You can use it as a tool. You can use it as a tool. You can use it as a tool to make it look nice and beautiful.no audiono audiono audio Pause PauseINAUDIBLE I'm going to start the process. I'm going to work with this. I'm just going to continue to put it down. I'm going to go back to come on. Silence >> A couple of reasons, mainly because one of the sweet produce is not tangible, it's a surge. and then I'm going to take it.silence >> When it's about so you know what's interesting, and that's just to begin, call on the two markets. We can begin this, so it comes on to count together the way with us. That's... (clicks tongue) All of us, and one of us are okay. (clicks tongue) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (coughs) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Background noise Background noise Okay, that's it. Okay, that's it. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Well, let me mark the cuttings, the all maturity of the salvation, if you only want it when you finish cleaning these lines, all of this, that is the numbers. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Why didn't you talk about this? So our casting is going in the interactive I hope for the show, Molly can't shoot out of the picture. I hope for the show, Molly can shoot out of the picture. Molly can shoot out of the picture.INAUDIBLE Silence Silence which you may know also so that you can get in this first thing of the day. So, it's a very small problem for a patient. It's a very small problem for a patient. It's a very small problem for a patient. It's a very small problem for a patient. It's a very small problem for a patient. It's a very small problem for a patient. It's a very small problem for a patient. It's a very small problem for a patient. It's a very small problem for a patient. It's a very small problem for a patient. It's a very small problem for a patient. It's a very small problem for a patient.silencesilence Silence Silence I don't know what I'm going to need to do. I don't know what I'm going to need to do. So, we're going to say that. Thank you very much. You Thank you very much. I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this. I'm going to add a little bit more of this, but I'm going to add a little bit more of this. Yes, sir.Clock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock tickingClock ticking So let me create a new layer of the new layer. So let me create a new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the new layer of the I'm going to create a new layer of the new layer.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) (sniffing) I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if you can see it.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEINAUDIBLE I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen. I'm going to put it in the middle of the screen.INAUDIBLEINAUDIBLEsilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Silence Music Just that. I'm too kind of on the air for the news updating per torsional on the rest of the inter-aromal and at least complete room for the announcement. Not a comfortable thing to write for on the air for the announcement.inaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I don't know if you can hear it, but it's for a slag to think that it's all nonsense. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) We all do from the other side to do it. nix, cantalymar, probien... *laughs* vik, narsen, vik *clap* *clap* *clap* *clap* *clap* *clap* *clap* Silence >> Okay. Inaudible Remark to the right of the address, can you write the information at the end of the map? Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remark all the slack and dances, all the Indian dances. Okay, the Indian dances, all the exercises, all the dance, all the dance, all the dance, and this is, this is actually.., and one thing we want is... (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) (speaking in a foreign language) Silence Silence Silence Inaudible Remarkinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Thank you for your time, and we'll see you in the next video, peace out. Thank you for your time, and we'll see you in the next video, peace out. Thank you for your time, and we'll see you in the next video, peace out. on the mid-signality. I'm going to get my music too, but I'm going to be committed to it again, because I'm a sister and I really don't stop. I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't know if I can do it or not, because I don't I'm going to be committed to it again, because I'm going to be committed to it again, because I'm a sister and I really don't stop. and then we'll see you in the next video.Music What is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class, what is the news on the background of the class I don't know if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not I'm going to do it over again and I'm going to do my reading and I'm going to look to come up and come over again and I'm going to be sitting in Mr. Stalin and I'm going to do my reading. I'm going to do my reading and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again and I'm going to look to come over again andno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detectedno speech detected (knocking on door) If we don't have the time, we will have to wait until the time is up. I'm going to have to wait until the time is up. and I will go further into our community. I'm going to use that band, I'm going to want to focus on this cell, I'm going to do the rest of it on band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to use that band, I'm going to Silence So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, soinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible I can't help but... (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) Well, not even that excessive. I'm not so sure you're going to be told me to start coming to you, and don't go. You can't get ahead of me more. You can't get your kids' money on that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. You're not going to need a long set of them online. You're not going to need a long set of them online. So, I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the spa to film up and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to go to the studio and then I'm going to Thank you very much. Silence Silence Silence And now we're going to show you how to do it. Okay, I think it's a new show now, I'll take a minute for the next one. I think I'll have to see much segment now to pair to all of my notes. I'll keep some more. I'll be in color now, come to me. Oh, okay. I'm going to have to add a little bit more. I'm not talking about the bolted, but I'm not flossing them, I'm not rusting them all in the tube. I'm not talking about the tube, I'm not talking about the tube, I'm not talking about the tube, I'm not talking about the tube, I'm not talking about the bolted, but I'm not flossing them all in the tube. I'm not talking about the tube, I'm not talking about the tube, I'm not talking about the tube, I'm not talking about the bolted, but I'm not flossing them all in the tube, I'm not flossing them all in the tube, I'm not flossing them all in the tube.inaudibleinaudibleinaudible Silence Silence Now we're going to put it in the last few minutes. So just watch that for like a little bit of feedback. Thanks for watching. Yeah, I think I'm going to show you a little bit of the city that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be a little bit of a town that's going to be Thank you. Thank you very much. Yep, that's it, but I just want you to start with a bit of a key number one, which you can do. I'm just going to set it up, and you're going to have a set of yours, but I'm just going and you have to show there's more to show.silencesilencePausePausePausePausePausePausePauseinaudible Well, I still need to get to the... Shit, that... ...tideth come off, and it come on.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible Pause >> Let's put one off and see how many issues. Pause Silence Silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilenceno audio I just have to try to mark here. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)no speech detectedno audioinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleno speech detectedno audio How does it actually work because of me though? Like, you get a sort of about to cheer up to just the microphone, not just a bit of a squalling, the best is about to give us a following. Sign up. Sign up. Sign up.silencesilence I'm going to show you this to see you in the next video and you want to know something on it and somebody to download and then you can call it here and I think we'll open it to let you see the standards and the acting that all of you know is the top person you want to download and I hope you will be able to do that.inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible and it's interesting, and I'm just going to make some tea out of this, just an apploi for making an instrument, and I'm going to make some tea out of this, and I'm going to make some tea out of this, and I'm going to make some tea out of this, and I'm going to make some tea out of this, and I'm going to make some tea out of this, and I'm going to make some tea out of this. Silence Silence to get to the other person's side. to get to the other person's side. to get to the other person's side. So, it's our nice memory here before we move on to the next page. and the allows you to charge the nervous, nervous, nervous, nervous, nervous, and pushing that refill the temperature content. The nervous, nervous, nervous, nervous, nervous, nervous, nervous, nervous, nervous, nervous So, I will put this in here and I will put this in here and I will put this in here. So for any of the two organs, any parent in your head, you should voice a soul, pick yourinaudible watch the video. Thank you for watching. Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudible All that seems to be the message before me. So I'm going to not impress you in this. I'm going to be honest, I'm so interested in sheltering them. I'm going to be able to hear a feeling this.silencesniffingsniffingsilence Well, I'm aware of it, so I still stop to impose to the layer, let's go back a little bit more time, you know, but I know I am not doing it on this basis, position. Silence Silenceinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (clicking) Good? (clicking) (sighs) Let's move on to the same day I want.silencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence (sizzling) to join on to that bird. (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) (speaking in foreign language) I'm not going to explode there. I'm not going to explode there. I'm not going to explode there. Well, precisely because you got up so that I see it's real, so that is much more likely that I was starting bullying for that reason. The other thing is the personal um... Intervention is where I look themselves, because the I'll try to get the real version of the Subrera or an Obsversion, and now I'm changing the version I downloaded, which is right off the list. Only through the code that I get, where to version. on the contrary. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time. Now when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, when I was changing my computer, wheninaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudiblesighsdoor slams The transferable purpose to the loadless on the mean load.silenceinaudiblesilencesilencesilence (keyboard clicking) (mumbles) (sighs) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Silence Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.silence One of the secret locations where we need to make a card. First of here. (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking)silenceinaudibleinaudiblesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilencesilence Pause Pause We'll go to the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, the list, (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click) (click)inaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudibleinaudible (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) (keyboard clicking) Silence Silence